
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 376235                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   486809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  47813                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67750744                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31387.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11809199127                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279893174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        30720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               544640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           46336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       228224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            228224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1783                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     40854715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17058336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20470003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17228919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               362916099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           30875588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         152075066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              152075066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         152075066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     40854715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17058336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20470003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     41622340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2047000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17228919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              514991165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         240302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216513                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13118                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          665                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2529013                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1506962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            240302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        96967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              297233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         46415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       400788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          146913                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14379                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3258592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.843675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2961359     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10524      0.32%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21496      0.66%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           9045      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          48577      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          43695      1.34%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8220      0.25%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17907      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         137769      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3258592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.066771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2502985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       427276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          295959                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        31349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        21169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1766845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        31349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2506939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        384854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        30004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          293310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1764813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         5901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2081957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      8305534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      8305534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1803212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         278745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           29946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       412270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       206875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        10213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1758861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1675703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400908                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3258592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2655652     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184624      5.67%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148993      4.57%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64588      1.98%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80626      2.47%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75497      2.32%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42968      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3620      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2024      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3258592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4186     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31805     86.08%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          956      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055942     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14614      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       398930     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206117     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1675703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.465618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022049                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1712650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        31349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        376147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1759073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        16803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1662359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             603414                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         217362                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           206069                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.461910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1659138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1659006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          898147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1780697                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.460978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.504379                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1571856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        14610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3227243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2653947     82.24%     82.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211539      6.55%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98661      3.06%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96277      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26560      0.82%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110193      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8707      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6155      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15204      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3227243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1337325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1571856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               596689                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              391749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           207510                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1397960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        15296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        15204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4971362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3550004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 55603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                340288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1337325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1571856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1337325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.691104                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.691104                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.371595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.371595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        8207867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1933280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       2091933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         271283                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       222277                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28351                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110386                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         104051                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27376                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2599527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1547957                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            271283                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       131427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              339198                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         81316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       224990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          161760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28210                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3216056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2876858     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          36262      1.13%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          42170      1.31%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          23169      0.72%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          26196      0.81%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          14917      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          10327      0.32%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          26456      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         159701      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3216056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2577575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       247671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          336216                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        51890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        43997                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1888576                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2449                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        51890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2582085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       214047                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          334331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1886360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         5807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2622751                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8779522                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8779522                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      2209886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         412865                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          283                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           34531                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       180774                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        97288                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        20669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1880883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1768308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       251629                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       588533                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3216056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2470892     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       299457      9.31%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161614      5.03%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       111554      3.47%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97137      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49467      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12280      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7842      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5813      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3216056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           444     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.19%     56.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1716     43.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1480905     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27610      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          215      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       163204      9.23%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96374      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1768308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.491350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3941                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002229                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6759021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2133055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1737405                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1772249                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4491                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2642                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          163                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        51890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         15849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1881392                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          646                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       180774                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97288                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          284                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16302                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        32050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1741131                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             249629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         242879                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            96332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.483798                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1737504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1737405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         1033453                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2707062                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.482763                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1297278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1591772                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       289636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        28332                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3164166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2513505     79.44%     79.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       301831      9.54%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126925      4.01%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75599      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52412      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33929      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17848      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14023      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28094      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3164166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1297278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1591772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               241028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              146382                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           227825                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1435050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        32398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28094                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            5017467                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3814712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 41720                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                382824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1297278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1591772                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1297278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.774178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.774178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.360467                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.360467                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7852061                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2413798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1761056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         278418                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28835                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28091                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1287                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2670251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1556541                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            278418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       135625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              323354                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         79528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       157239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          164880                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28713                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3201201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2877847     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          14923      0.47%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          23357      0.73%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          31703      0.99%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          33332      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          28026      0.88%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          15431      0.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          23945      0.75%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         152637      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3201201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077362                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432507                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2642782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       185248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          322516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        50122                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        45696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1907772                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        50122                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2650528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         29382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       138544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          315348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        17272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1906170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         7449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2660702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8862782                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8862782                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      2277440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         383247                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          458                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           53171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       179067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        95843                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1160                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        21670                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1902723                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1796950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          473                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       227321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       550942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3201201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254820                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2442006     76.28%     76.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310523      9.70%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158670      4.96%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120204      3.75%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94092      2.94%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37783      1.18%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23968      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12256      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1699      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3201201                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1111     35.78%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1614     51.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1512160     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26714      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          224      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162461      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95391      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1796950                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.499308                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3105                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6798679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2130519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1768711                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1800055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31128                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1777                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        50122                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         25145                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1747                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1903190                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95843                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1479                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        32677                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1771351                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             248471                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         251405                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            95363                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.492195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1768785                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1768711                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         1016347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2738966                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.491462                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371070                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1327454                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1633322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        28973                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3151079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2481243     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       331981     10.54%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125585      3.99%     93.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59444      1.89%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50222      1.59%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29091      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25633      0.81%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11342      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36538      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3151079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1327454                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1633322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               242003                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              147937                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           235533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1471583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        33619                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        36538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            5017710                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3856504                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 42315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                397679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1327454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1633322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1327454                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.711115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.711115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.368852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.368852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7969664                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2465552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1768227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         256222                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22726                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161534                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154557                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16875                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          775                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2637036                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1451853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            256222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       171432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              321201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         73529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        95565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          161616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3104461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2783260     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          45799      1.48%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          26416      0.85%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          44704      1.44%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          16636      0.54%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          41207      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7276      0.23%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          12697      0.41%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         126466      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3104461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.071195                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.403418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2615792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       117767                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          320337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        26882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1644127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2618615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         67965                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        41575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          317608                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8515                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1640594                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2172297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7467194                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7467194                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1729214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         442967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           22844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       277469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        52289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        11754                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1629592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1513556                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1607                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       664526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3104461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487542                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2444093     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216683      6.98%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       208770      6.72%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124392      4.01%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69924      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18480      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21191      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          509      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          419      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3104461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2896     58.42%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1134     22.88%     81.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          927     18.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1198401     79.18%     79.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12942      0.86%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       250530     16.55%     96.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51567      3.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1513556                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.420563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4957                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003275                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6138135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1943259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1518513                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        60935                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        50180                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         59559                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1629840                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       277469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245889                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             297429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         224185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            51540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.414281                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1472949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1472296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          887224                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2011177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.409098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.441147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1152184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1312854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       316966                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3054281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2556616     83.71%     83.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       201259      6.59%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123277      4.04%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40377      1.32%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62963      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13577      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8796      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7931      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39485      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3054281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1152184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1312854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               266906                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              216505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           199889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1152128                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        17901                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        39485                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4644603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3309950                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 59557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                494419                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1152184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1312854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1152184                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.123529                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.123529                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.320151                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.320151                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6898400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1937957                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1711387                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         277759                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       227169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28776                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       113919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28034                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1283                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2663916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1552649                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            277759                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       135329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              322571                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         79356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       165456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          164497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28649                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3204132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.595112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2881561     89.93%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          14882      0.46%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          23291      0.73%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          31627      0.99%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          33269      1.04%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          27970      0.87%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          15406      0.48%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          23896      0.75%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         152230      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3204132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2638461                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       193394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          321735                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        50011                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        45593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1903090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        50011                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2646189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         29382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       146728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          314585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        17232                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1901500                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         7436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2653967                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8841071                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8841071                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      2271513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         382430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          456                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          232                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           53029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       178656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        95619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        21625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1898068                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          457                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1792521                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226834                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       549761                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3204132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.559440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2446952     76.37%     76.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309643      9.66%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158232      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       119823      3.74%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        93914      2.93%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37746      1.18%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23890      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12237      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1695      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3204132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           375     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1109     35.80%     47.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1614     52.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1508381     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26666      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          223      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162086      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95165      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1792521                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.498077                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3098                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6792741                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2125373                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1764339                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1795619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3801                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        50011                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         25160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1898532                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       178656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        95619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          233                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15998                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16613                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        32611                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1766974                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             247890                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         250804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            95137                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.490979                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1764413                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1764339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         1013753                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2732010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.490247                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1324037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1629218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269285                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          449                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        28913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3154121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2486076     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       331045     10.50%     89.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125270      3.97%     93.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59241      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50106      1.59%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29026      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25595      0.81%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11310      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36452      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3154121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1324037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1629218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               241436                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              147597                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           234963                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1467900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        33551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        36452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            5016159                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3847057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 42227                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                394748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1324037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1629218                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1324037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.718111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.718111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.367903                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.367903                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7949950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2459254                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1763839                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          448                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         316450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121008                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2746601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1735589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            316450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       147222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              360861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         84913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       199004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          171907                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2999995     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          21906      0.65%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          27686      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          44137      1.31%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          18098      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          23874      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          27929      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12927      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         184304      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3360856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.087930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.482258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2730497                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       216852                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          359146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        48061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      2120660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2733704                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          7889                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       200886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          356114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      2107044                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2944180                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      9794053                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      9794053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      2436058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         508092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       198400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       102401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        23131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          2055865                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1963663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529896     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378168     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155273      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86871      2.58%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117547      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36646      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35794      1.07%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19134      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1527      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13658     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.78%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1654212     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26651      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180584      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101975      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1963663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.545632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7307778                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2322227                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1910436                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1980937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          6004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2056369                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        34548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1928092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177081                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             279028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         272231                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           101947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.535748                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1910478                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1910436                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         1144238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         3073689                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.530842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1417182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1746107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        30293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566837     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375430     11.35%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136124      4.12%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67673      2.05%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61897      1.87%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26165      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25640      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12171      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34745      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1417182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1746107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               258734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              158264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           253136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1571976                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        36030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        34745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            5328299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           4166938                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 42905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                238024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1417182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1746107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1417182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.539462                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.539462                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393784                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393784                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        8672882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2671765                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1959951                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         316151                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263152                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30208                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120903                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33700                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2744164                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1733922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            316151                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       147099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              360524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         84815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       202061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          171749                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28853                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3361074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.002941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        3000550     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          21891      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          27655      0.82%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          44091      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          18090      0.54%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          23858      0.71%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          27907      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          12921      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         184111      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3361074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.087847                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.481795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2728087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       219880                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          358811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        54109                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        48025                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      2118626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        54109                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2731287                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          7854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       203964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          355786                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         8070                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      2105040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2941287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      9784720                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      9784720                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2433873                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         507414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           29329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       198213                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       102315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        23107                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          2053939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1961864                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2320                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265534                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3361074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530872     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377831     11.24%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155119      4.62%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86788      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117456      3.49%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36607      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35761      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19114      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1526      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3361074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13644     79.05%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1652699     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26623      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180412      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101889      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1961864                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.545132                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7304382                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2319997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1908693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979124                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40096                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        54109                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          5979                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          713                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2054443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198213                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17171                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17338                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        34509                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             278775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         271987                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           101861                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.535260                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1908735                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1908693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         1143154                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         3070808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.530358                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1415942                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1744575                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       309879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        30260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567744     77.65%     77.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375128     11.34%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       135991      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67624      2.04%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61851      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26142      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25623      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12155      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34707      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1415942                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1744575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               258505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              158117                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           252914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1570604                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        36002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        34707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            5326699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           4163022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 42860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                237806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1415942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1744575                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1415942                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393440                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393440                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        8664938                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2669246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1958082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         269501                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       220750                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28225                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103538                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2584590                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1538747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            269501                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       130785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              337217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         80792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       228553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          160940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3202290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2865073     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          36111      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          41960      1.31%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23010      0.72%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25976      0.81%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          14778      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          10481      0.33%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          26234      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         158667      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3202290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.074885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.427563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2562411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       251435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          334164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        43760                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1877195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2430                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2566964                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         24677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       214587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          332305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1875121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2645                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2606124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8728193                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8728193                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2197752                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         408372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          276                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           34968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       179621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        96868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2196                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        20614                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1869820                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          493                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1758817                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2348                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249103                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581849                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3202290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2462140     76.89%     76.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       297791      9.30%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159395      4.98%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110559      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96895      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49503      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12423      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7746      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5838      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3202290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.12%     56.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1472815     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27449      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162347      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95992      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1758817                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.488712                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002244                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6726219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2119459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1728026                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1762764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4376                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34050                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          184                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        51481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         18810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1444                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1870320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          277                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          958                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16159                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        31875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1731837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152494                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             248429                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         241429                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            95935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.481216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1728140                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1728026                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         1027892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2694032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.480157                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381544                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1290210                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1582991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        28200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3150809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2504406     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       299981      9.52%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125683      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74968      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52045      1.65%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33908      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17771      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13982      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28065      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3150809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1290210                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1582991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               239705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              145571                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           226552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1427139                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        32211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4993070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3792164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 41592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                396590                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1290210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1582991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1290210                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.789375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.789375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.358503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.358503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7810586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2400173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1750785                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         270479                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221541                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110622                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103989                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27357                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2593937                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1543965                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            270479                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       131346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              338453                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         80964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       219483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          161459                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28182                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      3203926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2865473     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          36237      1.13%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          42147      1.32%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          23113      0.72%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          26091      0.81%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          14824      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          10490      0.33%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          26361      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         159190      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      3203926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.429013                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2571859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       242264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          335393                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        51603                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        43931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1883833                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        51603                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2576420                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         28208                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       201896                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          333576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        12219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1881765                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2615567                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      8759649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      8759649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      2206480                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         409083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           34762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       180219                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        97241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        20713                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1876721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1765481                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2368                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       582947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3203926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2461027     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298864      9.33%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159985      4.99%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110958      3.46%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97297      3.04%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49687      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12469      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7776      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5863      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3203926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           438     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1781     45.05%     56.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1734     43.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1478443     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27541      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          215      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162924      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96358      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1765481                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.490564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3953                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6741209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2126788                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1734655                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1769434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4392                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34058                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          142                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        51603                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         22385                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1877220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       180219                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16203                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        31980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1738422                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153034                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             249336                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         242405                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            96302                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.483045                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1734769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1734655                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         1031810                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2704634                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.481999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381497                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1295303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1589327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287928                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        28291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3152323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321177                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2503337     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       301144      9.55%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126204      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75292      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52256      1.66%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34043      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17841      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14034      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28172      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3152323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1295303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1589327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               240670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              146161                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           227485                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1432843                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        32348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            5001393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3806118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 41663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                394954                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1295303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1589327                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1295303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.778408                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.778408                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.359918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.359918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7840444                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2409393                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1756809                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         240407                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93575                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2533621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1508343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            240407                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        97001                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              297395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         46119                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       391867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          147134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14337                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2956800     90.86%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          10428      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21436      0.66%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           9100      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          48628      1.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          43826      1.35%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           8337      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17920      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         137720      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      3254195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.066801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.419115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2505985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       419975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          296143                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          986                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21233                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1767996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2510053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        376196                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        31235                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          293425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1765987                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         5797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          157                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2082064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      8311596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      8311596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1806369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         275683                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          211                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           30312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       412941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       207362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        10206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1760154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1678280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       160382                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394145                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515728                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2649541     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185431      5.70%     87.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149554      4.60%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64908      1.99%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81104      2.49%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75100      2.31%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42862      1.32%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3631      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2064      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3254195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4228     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31630     85.92%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          956      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1057078     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14673      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       399849     23.82%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206580     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1678280                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.466334                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1920796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1715094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        31103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        367384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3398                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1760365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        16636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1665231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       398334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             604874                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         217742                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           206540                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.462708                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1662073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1661947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          899839                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1783435                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.461796                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.504554                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1340113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1574997                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       185572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        14560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2648356     82.17%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212183      6.58%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98860      3.07%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96576      3.00%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26897      0.83%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110170      3.42%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8642      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6188      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15220      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3223092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1340113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1574997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               598225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              392773                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           207922                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1400715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        15220                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4968441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3552262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 55473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                344685                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1574997                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1340113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.685505                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.685505                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.372369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.372369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        8223411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1935859                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       2094835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         256166                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       225407                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154598                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          773                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2629797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1449665                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            256166                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       171309                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              320753                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         73386                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        89237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          161234                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3090345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532797                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.792425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2769592     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          45822      1.48%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          26354      0.85%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          44690      1.45%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          16686      0.54%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          41063      1.33%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7294      0.24%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          12648      0.41%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         126196      4.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3090345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.071179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.402810                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2608733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       111230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          319905                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        50086                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        26927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1641179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1784                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        50086                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2611531                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         65870                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        37239                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          317212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8404                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1637612                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2168708                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7451574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7451574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1726137                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         442571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22599                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       276849                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        52042                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        11701                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1626449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1510573                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       312752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       662126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3090345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2431125     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       216328      7.00%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       208912      6.76%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123817      4.01%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69480      2.25%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18384      0.59%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21372      0.69%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          518      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          409      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3090345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2869     58.19%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1134     23.00%     81.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          927     18.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1196372     79.20%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12920      0.86%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249783     16.54%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51382      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1510573                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.419734                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4930                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003264                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6118064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1939464                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1469504                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1515503                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1394                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        60751                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1745                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        50086                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         57622                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1125                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1626697                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276849                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        52042                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          643                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13732                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24009                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1488250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       245430                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             296787                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         224006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            51357                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.413531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1470122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1469504                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          885675                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2006239                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.408323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.441460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1150114                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1310448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       316331                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        22342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3040259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2543383     83.66%     83.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       201077      6.61%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123157      4.05%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40072      1.32%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62851      2.07%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13619      0.45%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8790      0.29%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7878      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39432      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3040259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1150114                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1310448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               266395                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              216098                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           199503                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1150005                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        17857                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        39432                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4627593                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3303675                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 59424                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                508535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1150114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1310448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1150114                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.129151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.129151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.319576                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.319576                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6885009                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1934556                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1708499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         279565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228662                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28941                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107990                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28206                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2680796                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1562717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            279565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       136196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              324653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         79802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       145836                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          165527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28814                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      3203753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2879100     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          14977      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          23442      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31833      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          33487      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          28152      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          15496      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          24041      0.75%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         153225      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      3203753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.434223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2655199                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       173918                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          323812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        50291                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        45882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1915389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        50291                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2662972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         28584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       127953                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          316618                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        17330                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1913789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2671301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8898162                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8898162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      2286742                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         384548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           53343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       179771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        96234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        21763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1910340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1804243                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228077                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3203753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2441627     76.21%     76.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       311657      9.73%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159280      4.97%     90.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120599      3.76%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94532      2.95%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37974      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24063      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12315      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1706      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3203753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1114     35.74%     47.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1624     52.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1518300     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26823      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          225      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       163113      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95782      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1804243                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.501335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6815825                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2138891                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1775903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1807360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        50291                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         24344                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1910807                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        32802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1778545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             249481                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         252458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            95754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.494194                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1775977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1775903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         1020424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2750032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.493460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371059                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1332856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1640017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        29079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3153462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2480982     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       333269     10.57%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126085      4.00%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59617      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50458      1.60%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29211      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25745      0.82%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11390      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36705      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3153462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1332856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1640017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               243002                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              148548                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           236519                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1477605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        33761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        36705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            5027547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3871912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 42466                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                395127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1332856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1640017                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1332856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.700127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.700127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.370353                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.370353                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        8001953                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2475540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1775258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         270263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221459                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110292                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103274                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2591594                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1542813                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            270263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       130613                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              337679                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         81790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       213570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          161382                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3195593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2857914     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          36056      1.13%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          41824      1.31%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          23021      0.72%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          25847      0.81%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          14834      0.46%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10464      0.33%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          26434      0.83%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         159199      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3195593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.075096                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.428693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2569266                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       236612                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          334619                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        43812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1882197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2442                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2573853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         29382                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       194941                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          332765                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1880121                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2614593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      8750104                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      8750104                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2198735                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         415850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          496                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          280                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           35010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       180122                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        97053                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        20640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1874911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          496                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       253816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       592037                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3195593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2452976     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       299197      9.36%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       160352      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       111123      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        96695      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49348      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12208      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7866      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5828      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3195593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           427     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1785     45.48%     56.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1713     43.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1475231     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27494      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162682      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96103      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.489520                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002228                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6725449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2129268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730458                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4519                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34476                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2866                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          147                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        52301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         26180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1875418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          590                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       180122                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97053                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          280                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15688                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        32095                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734163                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152617                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             248669                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         241780                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            96052                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.481862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1730578                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1730458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         1029506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2696408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.480832                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381806                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1290786                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1583718                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       291734                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        28413                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3143292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2495543     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       301085      9.58%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126140      4.01%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        74853      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52222      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33748      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17765      0.57%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13912      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28024      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3143292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1290786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1583718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               239830                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              145643                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           226646                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1427803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        32227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        28024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4990707                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3803217                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 41841                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                403287                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1290786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1583718                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1290786                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.788131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.788131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.358663                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.358663                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7820440                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2404603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1755172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         269998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110367                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27302                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2589390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1541578                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            269998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       131041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              337848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         80928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       215539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          161239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      3194792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2856944     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          36174      1.13%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          42041      1.32%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          23057      0.72%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          26021      0.81%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          14802      0.46%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          10518      0.33%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          26292      0.82%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         158943      4.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      3194792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.428349                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2567165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       238468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          334787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2803                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        51565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        43837                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1880704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        51565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2571723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         26917                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       199347                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          332919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        12317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1878631                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2610943                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      8744446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      8744446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      2201805                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         409138                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           35078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       179962                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        97039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        20662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1873252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761999                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249518                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       583101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3194792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2453339     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298284      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159665      5.00%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110779      3.47%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97085      3.04%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49588      1.55%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12441      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7766      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5845      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3194792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1778     45.07%     56.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1730     43.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1475491     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27502      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162641      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96151      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761999                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.489596                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3945                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6725101                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2123305                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1731165                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765944                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          197                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        51565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         21007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1873751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          777                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179962                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        31918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734984                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152771                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             248867                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         241867                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            96096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.482090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1731279                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1731165                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         1029727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2698914                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.481029                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381534                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1292567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1585931                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        28237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3143227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504555                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2495631     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300518      9.56%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125912      4.01%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75129      2.39%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52137      1.66%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33970      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17813      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14010      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28107      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3143227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1292567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1585931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               240145                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              145841                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           226974                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1429805                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        32281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28107                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4988893                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3799142                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 41642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                404088                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1292567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1585931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1292567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.784289                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.784289                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.359158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.359158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7824745                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2404531                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1753982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         316965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121187                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33781                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2750913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1738491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            316965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       147451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              361452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         85045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       193650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          172179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28932                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.636067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.005503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2999035     89.24%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          21942      0.65%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          27728      0.83%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          44212      1.32%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          18120      0.54%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          23908      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          27976      0.83%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12942      0.39%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         184624      5.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3360487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.088073                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.483064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2734806                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       211505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          359733                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        48131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      2124189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2738016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          7893                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       195527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          356698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8093                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      2110547                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2949184                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      9810338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      9810338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      2440280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         508892                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           29402                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       198706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       102563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        23182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          2059305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1966987                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553770                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.585328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309498                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2528158     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378765     11.27%     86.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155536      4.63%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87019      2.59%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117742      3.50%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36711      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35851      1.07%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19176      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1529      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13682     79.08%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1865     10.78%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1755     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1657029     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26715      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180868      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       102134      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1966987                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.546555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17302                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7314084                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2326038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1913665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1984289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40185                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        54256                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          6007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2059809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          600                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17226                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17382                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        34608                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1931348                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             279470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         272683                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           102105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.536653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1913707                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1913665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         1146216                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         3078932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.531739                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1419603                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1749074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        30343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.529024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.347480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2565152     77.59%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       376036     11.37%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136370      4.12%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67773      2.05%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62001      1.88%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26214      0.79%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25690      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12195      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34800      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1419603                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1749074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               259145                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              158517                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           253561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1574637                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        36086                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        34800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            5331222                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           4173885                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 42962                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                238393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1419603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1749074                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1419603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.535131                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.535131                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.394457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.394457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        8687508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2676391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1963199                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242619                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656339848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669679701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656339848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669679701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881449.456140                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949840.590449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951249.575284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949840.590449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951249.575284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          493                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         113399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        44.627706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.596068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.220715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1794.548419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.114366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.876244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   506                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 493                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15433989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468220107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     483654096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15433989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468220107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      483654096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15433989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468220107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     483654096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.493493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.493493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.493493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1102427.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 977495.004175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 981042.791075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1102427.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 977495.004175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 981042.791075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1102427.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 977495.004175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 981042.791075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14204789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    426158560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    440363349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14204789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    426158560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440363349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14204789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    426158560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440363349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1014627.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 889683.841336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893231.945233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1014627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 889683.841336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893231.945233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1014627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 889683.841336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893231.945233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          227                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.637718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         135295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        59.548856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.873379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.082977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   103.676335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1835.005026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.050623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.895999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          474                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   475                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 225                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70750377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178679914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     249430291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70750377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178679914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      249430291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70750377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    178679914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     249430291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.298063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.322812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.321429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.321429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2830015.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 893399.570000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1108579.071111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2830015.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 893399.570000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1108579.071111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2830015.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 893399.570000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1108579.071111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                139                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     139                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68555377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161119914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229675291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68555377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161119914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229675291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68555377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    161119914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229675291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.298063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.296736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2742215.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805599.570000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020779.071111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2742215.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805599.570000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020779.071111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2742215.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 805599.570000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1020779.071111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.000770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.000770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.392230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    89.409201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1904.198569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.011910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.043657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.929784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71148972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    161842865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     232991837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71148972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    161842865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      232991837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71148972                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    161842865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     232991837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2541034.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 969118.952096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1194829.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2541034.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 969118.952096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1194829.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2541034.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 969118.952096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1194829.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68689051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147177053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215866104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68689051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147177053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215866104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68689051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    147177053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215866104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2453180.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881299.718563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1107005.661538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2453180.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881299.718563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1107005.661538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2453180.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881299.718563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1107005.661538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          265                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.536438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                          51365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        22.207090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.389186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.190616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   130.903884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1859.052752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.063918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.907741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 265                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61522954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200406320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     261929274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61522954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200406320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      261929274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61522954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    200406320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     261929274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2460918.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835026.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 988412.354717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2460918.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835026.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 988412.354717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2460918.160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 835026.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 988412.354717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 40                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      40                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59327954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    179332592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238660546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59327954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    179332592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238660546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59327954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    179332592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238660546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.334728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2373118.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747219.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900605.833962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2373118.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747219.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900605.833962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2373118.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 747219.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 900605.833962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2046.996626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         118809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        52.968792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.996626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.381818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    89.184169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1904.434013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.011905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.043547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.929899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   404                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82632977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164831732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     247464709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82632977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164831732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      247464709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82632977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    164831732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     247464709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.327181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2951177.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 987016.359281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1269049.789744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2951177.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 987016.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1269049.789744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2951177.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 987016.359281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1269049.789744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80174577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150169132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230343709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80174577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150169132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230343709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80174577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    150169132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230343709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.294533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2863377.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 899216.359281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181249.789744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2863377.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 899216.359281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181249.789744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2863377.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 899216.359281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181249.789744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.121554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.973477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    44.873165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1946.153358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.950270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53552475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78220259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     131772734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53552475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78220259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      131772734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53552475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78220259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     131772734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550117.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859563.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176542.267857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550117.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859563.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1176542.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550117.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859563.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1176542.267857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51708675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70229029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121937704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51708675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70229029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121937704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51708675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70229029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121937704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2462317.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771747.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088729.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2462317.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771747.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088729.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2462317.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771747.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088729.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.121546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.148148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.961491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    44.793623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1946.244887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.021872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.950315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 110                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   378                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55775923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80205245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     135981168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55775923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80205245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      135981168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55775923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     80205245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     135981168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.196121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2655996.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881376.318681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1214117.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2655996.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881376.318681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1214117.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2655996.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881376.318681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1214117.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53931355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72214474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126145829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53931355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72214474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126145829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53931355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72214474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126145829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.196121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.194861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568159.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793565.648352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126302.044643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568159.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793565.648352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126302.044643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2568159.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 793565.648352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126302.044643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.651843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.892445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.042588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   102.203105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1836.513706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.049904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.896735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     220159735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      220159735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53161273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166998462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     220159735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860816.814433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005295.593607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860816.814433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1005295.593607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2126450.920000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 860816.814433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1005295.593607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149963722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200929995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149963722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200929995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50966273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    149963722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200929995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773008.876289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917488.561644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773008.876289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917488.561644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2038650.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 773008.876289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 917488.561644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.640352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.883228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.079785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   102.236196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1836.441144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.049920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.896700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55466552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160406142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     215872694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55466552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160406142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      215872694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55466552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    160406142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     215872694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2218662.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826835.783505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 985720.063927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2218662.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826835.783505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 985720.063927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2218662.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826835.783505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 985720.063927                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53263737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143292716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196556453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53263737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143292716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    196556453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     53263737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143292716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    196556453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2130549.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738622.247423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 897518.050228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2130549.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738622.247423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 897518.050228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2130549.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738622.247423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 897518.050228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          502                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        44.470980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.633333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   236.222190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1792.552630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.115343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.875270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 502                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      486850550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18250550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    468600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     486850550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               1010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              1010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.497030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.497030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1303610.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 960245.901639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 969821.812749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17021350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    425753600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442774950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.489960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1215810.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 872445.901639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882021.812749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          262                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.502296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          51357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        22.232468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.356920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.188324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   129.147086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1860.809966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.063060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.908599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          472                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   473                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 262                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66592999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    210279506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     276872505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66592999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    210279506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      276872505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66592999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    210279506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     276872505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.335694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2663719.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887255.299578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1056765.286260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2663719.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887255.299578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1056765.286260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2663719.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 887255.299578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1056765.286260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 40                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      40                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64397749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189467235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253864984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64397749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189467235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    253864984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     64397749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189467235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    253864984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.335694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2575909.960000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799439.810127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968950.320611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2575909.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799439.810127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968950.320611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2575909.960000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799439.810127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 968950.320611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.998758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.998758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.406187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    89.542245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1904.051568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.043722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.929713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79553878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156008628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     235562506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79553878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156008628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      235562506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79553878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    156008628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     235562506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2841209.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 934183.401198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1208012.851282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2841209.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 934183.401198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1208012.851282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2841209.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 934183.401198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1208012.851282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77095478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    141344943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218440421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77095478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    141344943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218440421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77095478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    141344943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218440421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753409.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846376.904192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1120207.287179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753409.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846376.904192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1120207.287179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753409.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846376.904192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1120207.287179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          228                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.647131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         135293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        59.521777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.910322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.028627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   103.000868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1835.707314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.050293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.896341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 226                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193263964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     248507960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193263964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      248507960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55243996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    193263964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     248507960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.324247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.322857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.322857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956752.297030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1099592.743363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956752.297030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1099592.743363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2301833.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 956752.297030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1099592.743363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                140                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     140                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175525165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228661961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175525165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228661961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53136796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    175525165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228661961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.299259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.322857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 868936.460396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011778.588496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 868936.460396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011778.588496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2214033.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 868936.460396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011778.588496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.647062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.889024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.057872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   102.273166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1836.427000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.049938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.896693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60620875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    164508451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     225129326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60620875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    164508451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      225129326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60620875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    164508451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     225129326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2424835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847981.706186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1027987.789954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2424835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847981.706186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1027987.789954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2424835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847981.706186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1027987.789954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58425875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    147470444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205896319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58425875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    147470444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205896319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58425875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    147470444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205896319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2337035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 760156.927835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940165.840183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2337035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 760156.927835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940165.840183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2337035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 760156.927835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 940165.840183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.123274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.123274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.985836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    44.921406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1946.092758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.021934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.950241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44732434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77195814                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     121928248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44732434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77195814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      121928248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     44732434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77195814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     121928248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130115.904762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848305.648352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1088645.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130115.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848305.648352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1088645.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130115.904762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848305.648352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1088645.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42888104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69204838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112092942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42888104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69204838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112092942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     42888104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     69204838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112092942                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2042290.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760492.725275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000829.839286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2042290.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760492.725275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000829.839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2042290.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760492.725275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000829.839286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.595249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              765427795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1374197.118492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.595249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       146897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       146897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         146897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       146897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        146897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16453106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16453106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16453106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16453106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16453106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16453106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       146913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       146913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       146913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       146913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       146913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1028319.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028319.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15550467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15550467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15550467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15550467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15550467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15550467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1110747.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110747.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              287972363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             232048.640612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   103.612229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   152.387771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.404735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.595265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       374883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       579622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         579622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       579622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        579622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1926948845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1926948845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1926948845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1926948845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1926948845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1926948845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       378529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       204739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       583268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       583268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 528510.379868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 528510.379868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    506724307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506724307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    506724307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506724307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    506724307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506724307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514440.920812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514440.920812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              496.106002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              747006335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1470484.911417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.106002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         161723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       161723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        161723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94103331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94103331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94103331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94103331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     94103331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94103331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       161760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       161760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       161760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2543333.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2543333.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2543333.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71031184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71031184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71031184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71031184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71031184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71031184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2731968.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731968.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731968.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117759401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             126623.011828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   177.971833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    78.028167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.695202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.304798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       112048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        94040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        94040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       206088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         206088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       206088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        206088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    857441421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    857441421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     83952592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83952592                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    941394013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    941394013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    941394013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    941394013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       114328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        94186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       208514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       208514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001550                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 376070.798684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 376070.798684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 575017.753425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 575017.753425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 388043.698681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1882343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 627447.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    211219261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211219261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    211411561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    211411561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    211411561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211411561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 314782.803279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314782.803279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313667.004451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              500.154436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746444518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1481040.710317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.154436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.040312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       164842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       164842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         164842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       164842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        164842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79220812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79220812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79220812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79220812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     79220812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79220812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       164880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       164880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       164880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       164880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       164880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2084758.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2084758.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2084758.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2084758.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2084758.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2084758.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71458007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71458007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71458007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71458007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71458007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71458007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2464069.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2464069.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2464069.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2464069.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2464069.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2464069.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112807522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             136405.709794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   170.248016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    85.751984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.665031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.334969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       111892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        93616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         205508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       205508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        205508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    630558999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    630558999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1155872                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1155872                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    631714871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    631714871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    631714871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    631714871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       113736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        93630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       207366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 341951.734816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341951.734816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 82562.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82562.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339997.239505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339997.239505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339997.239505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339997.239505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    189328513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189328513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    189520813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189520813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    189520813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189520813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333324.846831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333324.846831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331910.355517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331910.355517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 331910.355517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331910.355517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.191728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643101802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1165039.496377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.147856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.043872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.040301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         161580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        161580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68986692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68986692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68986692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68986692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68986692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68986692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       161616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       161616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1916297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1916297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1916297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61795941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61795941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61795941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61795941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     61795941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61795941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2376766.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2376766.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2376766.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150656728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             154361.401639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   161.918035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    94.081965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.632492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.367508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        221392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        50141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       271533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         271533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       271533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        271533                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1035673791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035673791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1266149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266149                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1036939940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036939940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1036939940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036939940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       223849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        50156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50156                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       274005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       274005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       274005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       274005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 421519.654457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421519.654457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84409.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84409.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 419474.085761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233609021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233609021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233801321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233801321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    233801321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233801321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 325814.534170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325814.534170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324724.056944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              500.143977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746444133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1481039.946429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.143977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       164457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        164457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       164457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         164457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       164457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        164457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91524749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91524749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91524749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91524749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91524749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91524749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       164495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       164495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       164495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       164495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       164495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2408546.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2408546.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2408546.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       821974                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       410987                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82929831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82929831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82929831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82929831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82929831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82929831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2859649.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2859649.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2859649.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112807040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             136735.806061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   170.157803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    85.842197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.664679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.335321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       111638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        93391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         205029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        205029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    622915176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    622915176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1161630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1161630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    624076806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    624076806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    624076806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    624076806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       113478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        93405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338540.856522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338540.856522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82973.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82973.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336611.006472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    191950325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191950325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192142625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192142625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192142625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192142625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 338536.728395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338536.728395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337092.324561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              469.738334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749898350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs                  1568825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.738334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.023619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         171875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        171875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87139688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87139688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87139688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87139688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87139688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87139688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       171907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       171907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2723115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2723115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2723115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2723115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2723115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2723115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53856644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53856644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53856644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53856644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53856644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53856644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2341593.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341593.217391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2341593.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341593.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2341593.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2341593.217391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108919303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             150441.026243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   137.399142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   118.600858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.536715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.463285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         235847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        235847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    239088162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239088162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240166217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240166217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240166217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240166217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 197756.957816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197756.957816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196696.328419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196696.328419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196696.328419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196696.328419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103277447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103277447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103485855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103485855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103485855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103485855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 222102.036559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222102.036559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221123.621795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221123.621795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221123.621795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221123.621795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              469.724596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749898192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1568824.669456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.724596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.023597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         171717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       171717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        171717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88767883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88767883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88767883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88767883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88767883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88767883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       171749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       171749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       171749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2773996.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2773996.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2773996.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56080125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56080125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56080125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56080125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56080125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56080125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438266.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438266.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2438266.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108919101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  723                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             150648.825726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   137.237552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   118.762448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.536084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.463916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       135763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        99882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       235645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         235645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       235645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        235645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    243712032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243712032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1078451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244790483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    244790483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    244790483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    244790483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       136969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        99894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       236863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       236863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 202082.945274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202082.945274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89870.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89870.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 200977.408046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200977.408046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 200977.408046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200977.408046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             110                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          751                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105200417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105200417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       208441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105408858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105408858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    105408858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105408858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 226725.036638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226725.036638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69480.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225714.899358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225714.899358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 225714.899358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 225714.899358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              496.060980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              747005509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1470483.285433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.060980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         160897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       160897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        160897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     77439382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77439382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       160940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       160940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       160940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1800915.860465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     53442672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53442672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055487.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117758402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             127031.717368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   178.540037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    77.459963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.697422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.302578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       111561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        93529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         205090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        205090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2418                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    825018820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    825018820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    144173291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    144173291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    969192111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    969192111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    969192111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    969192111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        93675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       207508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 363124.480634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363124.480634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 987488.294521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987488.294521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 400823.867246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2974999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 991666.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199704312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199704312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199896612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199896612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    199896612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199896612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 298958.550898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298958.550898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297908.512668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              496.101572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              747006028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1470484.307087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.101572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       161416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       161416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         161416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       161416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        161416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81795554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81795554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81795554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81795554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     81795554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81795554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       161459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       161459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       161459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       161459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       161459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1902222.186047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1902222.186047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1902222.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1902222.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1902222.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1902222.186047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55748298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55748298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55748298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55748298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     55748298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55748298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2144165.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2144165.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2144165.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2144165.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2144165.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2144165.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              117759181                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             127032.557713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   178.436638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    77.563362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.697018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.302982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       111983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        93887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93887                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         205870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       205870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        205870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    809971618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    809971618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94044979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     94044979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    904016597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    904016597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    904016597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    904016597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       114253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        94049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       208302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       208302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 356815.690749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356815.690749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 580524.561728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 580524.561728                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 371717.350740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 371717.350740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 371717.350740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 371717.350740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2507996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       626999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    193113980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193113980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    193306280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193306280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    193306280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193306280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 289092.784431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289092.784431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 288086.855440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288086.855440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 288086.855440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288086.855440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.591028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765428016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374197.515260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.591028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         147118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        147118                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20182924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       147134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       147134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1261432.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18367906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311993.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287973849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             230011.061502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   103.597167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   152.402833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.404676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.595324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        375857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         581108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        581108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1916636360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       584773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       584773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 522956.714870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507316947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 509354.364458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.190716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              643101421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1165038.806159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.145805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.044911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       161199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       161199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         161199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       161199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        161199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73668383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73668383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73668383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73668383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73668383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73668383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       161234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       161234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       161234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       161234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       161234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2104810.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2104810.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2104810.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2104810.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2104810.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2104810.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66866245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66866245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66866245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66866245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66866245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66866245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2571778.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571778.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2571778.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571778.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2571778.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571778.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              150656266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             156120.482902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   161.073746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    94.926254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.629194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.370806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        221034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        50037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        50037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       271071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         271071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       271071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        271071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1055321293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1055321293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1266979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1266979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1056588272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1056588272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1056588272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1056588272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       223493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        50052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        50052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       273545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       273545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       273545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       273545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 429166.853599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429166.853599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84465.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84465.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 427076.908650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427076.908650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 427076.908650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427076.908650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    242905975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242905975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    243098275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243098275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    243098275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243098275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 344059.454674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344059.454674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342874.858956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342874.858956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 342874.858956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342874.858956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              500.169867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746445163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1481041.990079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.169867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       165487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       165487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         165487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       165487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        165487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87032998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87032998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87032998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87032998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87032998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87032998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       165525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       165525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       165525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       165525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       165525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2290342.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2290342.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       821691                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 410845.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79850437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79850437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79850437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79850437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79850437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79850437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753463.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2753463.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112808361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             136406.724305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   170.451127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    85.548873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.665825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.334175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        94003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        94003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       206347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         206347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       206347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        206347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    648124027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    648124027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1154722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1154722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    649278749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    649278749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    649278749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    649278749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       114188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        94017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       208205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       208205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 351477.238069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351477.238069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82480.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82480.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 349450.349300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 349450.349300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 349450.349300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 349450.349300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    183469385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183469385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    183661685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    183661685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    183661685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    183661685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323009.480634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323009.480634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 321649.185639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321649.185639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 321649.185639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321649.185639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.047745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              747005950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1473384.516765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.047745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         161338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       161338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        161338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     88876077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88876077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       161382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       161382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       161382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019910.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     55509034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55509034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2220361.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117758430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             126485.961332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   178.289109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    77.710891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.696442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.303558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       111547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        93564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         205111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       205111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        205111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    820067396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    820067396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98785689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     98785689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    918853085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    918853085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    918853085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    918853085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       113805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        93728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          233                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       207533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       207533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 363183.080602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363183.080602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 602351.762195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 602351.762195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 379377.822048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1738711                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 579570.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225766238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225766238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225958538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225958538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225958538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225958538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335961.663690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335961.663690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334753.389630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              496.077797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              747005807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1470483.872047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.077797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         161195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       161195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        161195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92753873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92753873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92753873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92753873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92753873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92753873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       161239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       161239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       161239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2108042.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2108042.568182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2108042.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2108042.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2108042.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2108042.568182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60917921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60917921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60917921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60917921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60917921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60917921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2342996.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342996.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2342996.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342996.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2342996.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342996.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              117758746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             127032.088457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   178.560616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    77.439384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.697502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.302498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       111752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        93683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         205435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        205435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    826689949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    826689949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    114154415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114154415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    940844364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    940844364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    940844364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    940844364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       114022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        93845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       207867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       207867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 364180.594273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 364180.594273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 704656.882716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 704656.882716                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 386860.347039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 386860.347039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 386860.347039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 386860.347039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      2489724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       622431                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197196222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197196222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197388522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197388522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197388522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197388522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 295203.925150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295203.925150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 294170.673621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294170.673621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 294170.673621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294170.673621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              469.751915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749898622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1568825.569038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    14.751915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.023641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        172147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         172147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        172147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71590206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71590206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71590206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71590206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     71590206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71590206                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       172179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       172179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       172179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2237193.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2237193.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2237193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2237193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2237193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2237193.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45036586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45036586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45036586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45036586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45036586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45036586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1958112.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1958112.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1958112.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1958112.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1958112.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1958112.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108919675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             150441.540055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   137.439365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   118.560635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.536873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.463127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       136097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        136097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       100122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       100122                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         236219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       236219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        236219                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234736640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234736640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1077851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077851                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    235814491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235814491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    235814491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235814491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       137307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       100134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       237441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       237441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 193997.223140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193997.223140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89820.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89820.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 192974.215221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192974.215221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 192974.215221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192974.215221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102254581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102254581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       208391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102462972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102462972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    102462972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102462972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 219902.324731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219902.324731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69463.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69463.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218937.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218937.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218937.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218937.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
