
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 398124                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   506683                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 293865                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40303.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16045834050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20421129929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       257280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       163712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       163200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       404608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       448896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       449408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       449152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       162944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       404736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4589824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1107968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1107968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         3509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 35858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       313413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21722769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13822598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13779368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34162026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     37901368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     37944597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       410679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37922983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21647117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     37577148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13757753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34172833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21603888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               387529870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       313413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       410679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6149381                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          93548401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               93548401                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          93548401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       313413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21722769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13822598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13779368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34162026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     37901368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     37944597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       410679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37922983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21647117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     37577148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13757753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       432294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34172833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21603888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              481078271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205153     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084411     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298625      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748261      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383650      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13238     44.28%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412056     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2456757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2045104                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225108                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898090                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10446                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21375568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13473570                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2456757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1162333                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2808770                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        627857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1999078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1329129                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215268                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26588874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23780104     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         172124      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         216788      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         345635      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         145064      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         186373      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         216639      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          99706      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1426441      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26588874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086498                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.474382                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21254508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2137094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2795464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       400419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       374110                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16473635                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       400419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       21276317                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         69047                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      2007928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2775011                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        60145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16373113                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         8681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        41734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22863023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     76137651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     76137651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19105043                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3757946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3957                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2063                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          211231                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       801401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       179963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15986263                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3973                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15325777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15942                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1961610                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4008099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26588874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20096469     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2959927     11.13%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210899      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678913      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918977      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283522      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279163      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149215      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11789      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26588874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105856     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14495     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13696     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12910341     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209286      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1894      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405591      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798665      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15325777                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.539595                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134047                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57390417                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17951936                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14924632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15459824                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11350                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295265                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       400419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         52826                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15990242                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2063                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132568                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       259273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15057763                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2180492                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2129282                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           798536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.530158                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14924753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14924632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8940708                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        24020424                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.525471                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372213                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11115024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13696311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2293955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3823                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       226819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26188455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20391175     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2937952     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067610      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530225      2.02%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486551      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204172      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202314      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96132      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272324      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26188455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11115024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13696311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2030962                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1241796                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1985248                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12331140                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       282829                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       272324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           41906319                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32381004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                326832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1813511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11115024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13696311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11115024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.555315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.555315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.391341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.391341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67749156                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20852885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15230738                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3820                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28401508                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1939021                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1735840                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1309125                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1280830                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4616                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20578743                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11023728                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1939021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1393984                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2458313                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        511327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       853522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1245545                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151902                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24245920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21787607     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         380656      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         185118      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         375132      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         114816      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         349136      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          53149      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          86466      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         913840      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24245920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068272                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.388139                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       20385409                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1051934                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2453193                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2008                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       353375                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       178784                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1967                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12293687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4610                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       353375                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20407960                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        672670                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       308789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2430550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        72570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12273907                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        55721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16043287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     55564675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     55564675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12975733                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3067430                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          166030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2250668                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       349927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3109                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        79700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12209123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11419609                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7621                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2228726                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4585967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24245920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082484                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19236862     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555518      6.42%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1705271      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975860      4.02%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496474      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124513      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145236      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3396      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2790      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24245920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18690     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7745     23.69%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6255     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8931650     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87101      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2053509     17.98%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346559      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11419609                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.402078                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32690                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47125449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14439486                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11128087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11452299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       353375                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        590678                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8600                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12210733                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          538                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2250668                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4165                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104710                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59455                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       164165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11276477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2024311                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       143132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2370839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1717258                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           346528                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.397038                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11130958                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11128087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6743121                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        14543187                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.391813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8880461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9965089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2246053                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       153992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23892545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20200018     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1439044      6.02%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936207      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291746      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492907      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93830      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59347      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54035      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325411      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23892545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8880461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9965089                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2130394                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1789486                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1532104                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8698424                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       121385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       325411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35778250                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          24776023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                463571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4155588                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8880461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9965089                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8880461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.198202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.198202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.312676                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.312676                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       52471956                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14464900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13112500                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2200705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1800664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216286                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903663                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863633                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21164996                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12304868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2200705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1090911                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2567292                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        592745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1137858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1296466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25243799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22676507     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         119746      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         190075      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         256757      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         264309      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         224558      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         124922      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         185265      0.73%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1201660      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25243799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077483                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.433234                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20948885                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1356098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2562504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       373388                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       361972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15095991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       373388                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21006794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        177609                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1046101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2508230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       131675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15089357                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        19203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        56605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21055543                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     70193050                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     70193050                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18219427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2836116                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3752                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1959                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          395169                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1413552                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       764299                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       174950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15069508                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14300932                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685253                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4041554                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25243799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19198849     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2480389      9.83%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1259347      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       953140      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747671      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       300909      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190847      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99058      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13589      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25243799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2774     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8736     36.56%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12383     51.83%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12027423     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213400      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296605      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761713      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14300932                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503512                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23893                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53871880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16758593                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14081829                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14324825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11138                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       373388                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        145884                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15073305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1413552                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764299                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124921                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122350                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       247271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14099924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1980867                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2003441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           761645                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14081954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14081829                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8085639                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        21788412                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495797                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371098                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10621484                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     13070022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2003286                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3617                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       218781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24870411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19510627     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2655329     10.68%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004708      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       479289      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400352      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231471      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204711      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91011      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292913      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24870411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10621484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     13070022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1937067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1183906                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1804                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1884880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11775889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       269202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       292913                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39650728                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30520023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                322546                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3158586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10621484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            13070022                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10621484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.674051                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.674051                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.373965                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.373965                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63459503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19616601                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13994144                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3614                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2196144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1796871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       902183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9790                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21130359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12283332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2196144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1089128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2562587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        591347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1141195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1294213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25206760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22644173     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         119416      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         189537      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         256288      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         263509      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         223549      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         125803      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         185701      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1198784      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25206760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20913829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1359826                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2557694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       361347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15070293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20971983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        182997                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1043856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2503279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       132285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15063825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        56878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21018938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70078715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70078715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18185718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2833215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          395999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1410917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       763366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9039                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       174432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15043958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14275048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1686007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4045492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25206760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19173261     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2476416      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256200      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       950049      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746784      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301384      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190010      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99279      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13377      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25206760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2609     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8730     36.49%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12588     52.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12005125     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213025      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1294336      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       760774      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14275048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.502600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23927                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53783057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16733777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14057382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        151026                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15047730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1410917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       763366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1216534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1977239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1999423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           760705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14057508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14057382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8070208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21752507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10601751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13045686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       218422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24834402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19486082     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2648746     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003354      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477180      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400327      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       230968      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204231      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90954      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292560      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24834402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10601751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13045686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1933423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1181671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1881351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11753949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       268687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       292560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39589502                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30467856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                321818                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3195625                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13045686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.679028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.679028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63348620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19581445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13969842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2197800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1798202                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       902883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863209                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226756                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9796                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21145845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12292446                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2197800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1089965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2564501                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        591779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1156222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1295172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216127                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25240019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22675518     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         119494      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         189665      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         256484      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         263731      1.04%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         223715      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         125908      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         185852      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1199652      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25240019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.432796                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20929727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1375017                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2559590                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         3051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       372632                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       361630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15081483                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       372632                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20987926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        186282                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1055674                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2505119                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       132384                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15074864                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        19291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        56912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21034105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     70130000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     70130000                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     18198694                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2835387                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3735                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1943                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          396309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       763929                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       174560                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15054951                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3748                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14285484                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2277                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1687297                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4048466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25240019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259609                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19202277     76.08%     76.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2477981      9.82%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257124      4.98%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       950746      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747442      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301581      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190122      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99356      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13390      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25240019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2610     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8738     36.49%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12596     52.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12013852     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213197      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295319      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761327      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14285484                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.502968                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23944                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53837208                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16746061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14067643                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14309428                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28577                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229413                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11626                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       372632                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        154269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15058724                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       763929                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1946                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124861                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122115                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       246976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14085392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1217447                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200092                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1978705                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2000904                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           761258                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.495923                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14067768                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14067643                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8076002                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        21768085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.495298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10609360                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13055134                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2003572                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       218580                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24867387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19515295     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2650468     10.66%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004129      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477572      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400609      1.61%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231146      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204398      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91022      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292748      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24867387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10609360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13055134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1934851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1182556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1882741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11762474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       268898                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       292748                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39633267                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30490092                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                322052                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3162366                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10609360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13055134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10609360                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.677106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.677106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63394886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19595538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13980206                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1987346                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1625621                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195989                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       819976                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         781971                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203653                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8784                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19270650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11277417                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1987346                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       985624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2361912                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        570665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1011817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1187010                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23014768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20652856     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         128455      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         201883      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         321117      1.40%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         133294      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         148610      0.65%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         159102      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         103946      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1165505      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23014768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.069971                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.397059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19086931                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1197356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2354224                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       370114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       325314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13766620                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       370114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19117196                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        261879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       846353                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2330662                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        88551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13755935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         4679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        32207                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7444                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19094007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63985438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63985438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16263381                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2830626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          258683                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1311331                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       705292                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21220                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       159850                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13734050                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12984546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760139                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3945241                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23014768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564183                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17537477     76.20%     76.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2200443      9.56%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201567      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       819527      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       765458      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219744      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172094      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58392      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40066      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23014768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3092     12.79%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9324     38.57%     51.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11756     48.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10876850     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205627      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1573      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1199937      9.24%     94.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       700559      5.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12984546                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.457164                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24172                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49024889                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15497913                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12773879                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13008718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237832                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22637                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          833                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       370114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        176352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11927                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13737641                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1311331                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       705292                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1985                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8816                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112362                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12798459                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1128873                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186087                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1829081                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1800748                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           700208                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.450612                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12774072                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12773879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7469960                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19511477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.449747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382850                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9553299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11709902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2027830                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       199889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22644654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17890248     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2302624     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       896799      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483384      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360740      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201753      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124920      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111205      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272981      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22644654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9553299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11709902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1756154                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1073499                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1680755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10551659                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       237922                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       272981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36109340                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27845612                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                314131                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5387617                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9553299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11709902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9553299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.973045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.973045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.336356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.336356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       57712842                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17707231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12842099                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3170                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1933818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1744572                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103663                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       728268                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         688594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4554                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20506623                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12159021                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1933818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       794868                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2402968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        327194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      2720320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1178431                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25850903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23447935     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          85363      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         174675      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          73726      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         398000      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         355666      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          68928      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         145023      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1101587      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25850903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.428099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20285530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2942998                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2394038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7589                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       220743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       169940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          249                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14258180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       220743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20314020                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2717994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       128377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2376232                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        93530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14249657                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        47614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        31002                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          956                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     16741407                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     67108078                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     67108078                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     14799008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1942381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          847                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          219433                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3357831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1696364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15228                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        83106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14219586                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13650175                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1129673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2730266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25850903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528035                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20946011     81.03%     81.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1498209      5.80%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1214455      4.70%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       522578      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       653572      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       618445      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352126      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28003      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17504      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25850903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34326     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261993     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7658      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8567940     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119229      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          816      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3270295     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1691895     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13650175                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303977                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022269                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53463168                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15351296                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13531974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13954152                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135390                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          373                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11519                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1203                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       220743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       2647000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14221265                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3357831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1696364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          373                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61656                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       121079                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13553981                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3259466                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            4951176                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1775212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1691710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.477213                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13532407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13531974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7313353                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14452817                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.476438                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506016                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10982984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12906565                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1316036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       105689                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25630160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503569                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20929856     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1731152      6.75%     88.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       806585      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       791395      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219186      0.86%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       905334      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69043      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50486      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127123      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25630160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10982984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12906565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              4907271                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3222431                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               822                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1704135                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11477257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       124990                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127123                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39725599                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          28665994                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                441608                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2551482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10982984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12906565                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10982984                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.586035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.586035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.386692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.386692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       66995957                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      15722895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      16963802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1644                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1936998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1747501                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       738761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689807                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106362                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20525119                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12177085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1936998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       796169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2406648                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        327804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2718131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1179498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25871522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23464874     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          85560      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         175371      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          74082      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         398177      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         355952      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          68643      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         145138      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1103725      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25871522                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.428735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20296735                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2948131                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2397609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7663                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       221379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       170151                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14279159                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       221379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20325703                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2724896                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       124620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2379409                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        95508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14270419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        49285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        31534                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          673                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16768876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67202998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67202998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14817814                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1951062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          224099                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3361249                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1697877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        83131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14239910                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13667520                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1135386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2744907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25871522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20960915     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1499344      5.80%     86.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1215649      4.70%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       524097      2.03%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       654376      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       618938      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352610      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28011      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17582      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25871522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34402     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262167     86.16%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7711      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8580494     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119509      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          818      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3273362     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1693337     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13667520                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.481210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53519067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15377343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13548921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13971800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24696                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          376                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1208                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       221379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2651017                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27858                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14241598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3361249                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1697877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16949                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          376                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       121276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13571143                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3262459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4955600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1777642                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1693141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.477817                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13549361                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13548921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7323259                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14475555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.477035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10995249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12921268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1321778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       105669                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25650143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20944784     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1732745      6.76%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807291      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792704      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219592      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       905945      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69180      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50560      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127342      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25650143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10995249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12921268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4911070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3224867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1706163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11490401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       125203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       127342                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           39765808                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28707506                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                441843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2530863                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10995249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12921268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10995249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.583151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.583151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       67076483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15745175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16985868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28401847                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1935561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1746235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103718                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       722875                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689009                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106334                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4514                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20511066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12166260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1935561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       795343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2404537                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        327430                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2674678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1178918                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25811463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       23406926     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          85286      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         175737      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          73806      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         397750      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         356041      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          68787      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         144752      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1102378      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25811463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068149                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.428362                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20299966                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2887453                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2395444                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7698                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       220897                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       169963                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          256                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14264556                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1553                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       220897                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20327898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2665409                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       127504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2378034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        91714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14255563                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           71                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        46481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        30369                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          883                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16749550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     67132688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     67132688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14805042                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1944374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1663                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          215155                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3359309                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1697329                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        83138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14225530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1669                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13657742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7958                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1129026                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2720952                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25811463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20907141     81.00%     81.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1496373      5.80%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1212562      4.70%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       523739      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       654046      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       619521      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352710      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27989      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17382      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25811463                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34329     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262498     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7669      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8572793     62.77%     62.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119381      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          817      0.01%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3271966     23.96%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1692785     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13657742                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.480875                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304496                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53439401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15356600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13538994                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13962238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24768                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135271                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          377                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11636                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1206                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       220897                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2596214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14227220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3359309                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1697329                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          377                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       121258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13561150                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3261393                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4953973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1776422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1692580                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.477474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13539442                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13538994                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7318209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14454631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.476694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10987852                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12912102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1316558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       105753                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25590566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20889447     81.63%     81.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1730639      6.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       805873      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792604      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218833      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       906768      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68960      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50563      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126879      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25590566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10987852                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12912102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4909714                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3224029                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1704802                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11482179                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       125013                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       126879                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39692308                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28678352                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                442094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2590384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10987852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12912102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10987852                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.584841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.584841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.386871                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.386871                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       67030971                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      15731646                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      16973678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1939409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1736193                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1311318                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1281067                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         113106                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20583674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11025790                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1939409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1394173                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2458210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        512364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       854462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1246210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24252332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740336                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21794122     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         380541      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         184682      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         374790      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         115667      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         348655      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          53327      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          86896      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         913652      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24252332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068283                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388199                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20390602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1052614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2453118                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1978                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       354019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       178878                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1967                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     12295255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       354019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20413146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        689195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       293258                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2430435                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        72273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     12275446                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        55570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     16046463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     55570823                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     55570823                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12973812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3072613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          813                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          165004                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2251518                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       349898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3236                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        79553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         12210576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1604                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        11419244                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7547                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2231639                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4597161                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24252332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19243898     79.35%     79.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555499      6.41%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1703910      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976545      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496522      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124581      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145132      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3455      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2790      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24252332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18589     57.02%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7747     23.76%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6264     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8931307     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        87010      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2053705     17.98%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346432      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     11419244                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.402052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002855                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47130966                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14443854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11127479                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     11451844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       462272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9071                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       354019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        607383                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8617                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12212187                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2251518                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4199                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104869                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       164576                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11276595                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2024893                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2371283                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1717193                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           346390                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.397030                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             11130300                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            11127479                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6741912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        14538149                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.391780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8879193                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9963569                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2249117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       154385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23898313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20206880     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1438114      6.02%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936320      3.92%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291201      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       493044      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93900      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59607      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54082      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325165      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23898313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8879193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9963569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2130070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1789243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1531856                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8697067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       121349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       325165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35785808                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          24779671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                464130                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               4150053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8879193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9963569                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8879193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.198757                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.198757                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.312621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.312621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       52471573                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      14465514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13114312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1931674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1742601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103847                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       715544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         687228                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20469144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12139712                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1931674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       793263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2399211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        328402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2736052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1176695                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       104077                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     25826425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       23427214     90.71%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          84908      0.33%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         175193      0.68%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          73585      0.28%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         396995      1.54%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         355442      1.38%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          68582      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         144404      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1100102      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     25826425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068011                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.427419                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20255939                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2950895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2390228                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         7586                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       169790                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14234617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1522                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20284149                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2723811                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       133599                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2372676                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        90411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14225761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        44958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        30679                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          753                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16716613                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     66988417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     66988417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     14762757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1953844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1657                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          843                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          215693                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3350939                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1692130                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15380                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        82950                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14195630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1662                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13623331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8029                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1136209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2742101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25826425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.527496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318390                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20936353     81.07%     81.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490244      5.77%     86.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210051      4.69%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       521839      2.02%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652533      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       617894      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352137      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27948      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17426      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25826425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34264     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       261993     86.22%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7602      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8552999     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       118970      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          814      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3262728     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1687820     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13623331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.479654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303859                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53384975                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15333863                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13504652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13927190                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136346                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1200                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       221772                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2651557                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26541                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197306                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3350939                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1692130                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59352                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62102                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       121454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13526691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3251916                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4939555                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1771789                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1687639                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.476252                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             13505107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            13504652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7298371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14419502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.475476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506146                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10956102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12874991                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1323797                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1643                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       105877                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25604653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20917009     81.69%     81.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1725147      6.74%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       803825      3.14%     91.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       790395      3.09%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       218255      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       904685      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68887      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50358      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       126092      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25604653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10956102                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12874991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4895326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3214586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               820                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1699949                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11449195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       124684                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       126092                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           39677310                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          28619386                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                441571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2575960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10956102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12874991                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10956102                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.592380                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.592380                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.385746                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.385746                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       66856753                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      15693756                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      16933177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2199133                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1799410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       899419                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862969                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226536                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9825                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21155883                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12301320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2199133                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1089505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2566215                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        594421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1146008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1296319                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216692                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25245006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22678791     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         119630      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         189712      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         256478      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         263918      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         223603      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         125098      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         186304      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1201472      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25245006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.433109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20941351                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1364690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2561200                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         3109                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       374654                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       361748                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          268                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15094512                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1561                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       374654                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20999462                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        186826                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1044988                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2506879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       132195                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15087679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        19325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        56822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21051082                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     70190940                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     70190940                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     18197107                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2853949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3725                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1934                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          396386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1414660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       764082                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       292585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15066710                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14289777                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1699995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4087387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25245006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19113494     75.71%     75.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2591310     10.26%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1287201      5.10%     91.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919096      3.64%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       730136      2.89%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       302263      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       189036      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99058      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13412      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25245006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2717     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9154     37.79%     49.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12352     50.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12018165     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213324      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295063      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761436      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14289777                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503119                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24223                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53851043                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16770504                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14070754                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14314000                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28721                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       232238                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11860                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       374654                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        154885                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13009                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15070473                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1414660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764082                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125001                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122694                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       247695                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14088700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1217370                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1978734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2001260                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           761364                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.496039                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14070869                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14070754                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8078937                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        21779805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495407                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370937                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10608386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13053914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2016563                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       219185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24870352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.360076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19442764     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2724802     10.96%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       996197      4.01%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       480125      1.93%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       442920      1.78%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       232627      0.94%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       176200      0.71%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        93408      0.38%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       281309      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24870352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10608386                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13053914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1934644                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1182422                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1882555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11761352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       268861                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       281309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39659442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30515641                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                322554                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3157379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10608386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13053914                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10608386                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.677352                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.677352                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63404751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19600680                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13988909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1990812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1628583                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       821619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         783138                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204133                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8771                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19310401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11297742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1990812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       987271                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2366211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        573789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1025306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1189971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23074416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20708205     89.75%     89.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         128858      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         202075      0.88%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         321061      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         133787      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         148991      0.65%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         159902      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         103924      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1167613      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23074416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.397774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19125984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1211558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2358464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6189                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       325722                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13792658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19156382                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        268271                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       851416                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2334818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        91296                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13781773                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         5307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        23927                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9938                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19130236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     64105299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     64105299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16282487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2847749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          259775                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       706378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       160312                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13759796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13006123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3973203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23074416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17589107     76.23%     76.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2203228      9.55%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202289      5.21%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       821803      3.56%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       766899      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220323      0.95%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172003      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58433      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40331      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23074416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3145     12.87%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9496     38.85%     51.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11800     48.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10894450     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       205744      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1575      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202810      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701544      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13006123                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.457924                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24441                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001879                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49128322                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15532044                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12793354                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13030564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38834                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22912                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          836                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       372220                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        192687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12017                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13763417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       706378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2013                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8946                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       227386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12818435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1130718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1831897                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1803205                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           701179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.451315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12793564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12793354                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7480723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19542204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.450432                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9564555                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11723712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2039833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3180                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       200903                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22702196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17941964     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2305479     10.16%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898233      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       483833      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360642      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202128      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125446      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111384      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273087      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22702196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9564555                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11723712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1758244                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1074778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1682746                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10564101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       238204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       273087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36192589                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27899351                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                315076                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               5327969                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9564555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11723712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9564555                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.969546                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.969546                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.336752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.336752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57800991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17734885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12864471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1935514                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154957                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1308102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112716                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4613                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20544077                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11004275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1935514                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1391449                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2453578                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        510702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       888434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1243508                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151726                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24240996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21787418     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         379763      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184712      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         374600      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         114684      0.47%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         348471      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          53245      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          86301      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         911802      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24240996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068146                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387442                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20352209                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1085375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2448524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1942                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       352945                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       178260                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12269738                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       352945                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20374583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        719967                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       295907                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2425933                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        71655                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12250179                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        55038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16012117                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     55454277                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     55454277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12949099                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3063006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          164292                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247559                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       348906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        79431                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12185408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        11397379                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225045                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4579787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24240996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.081725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19241849     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551723      6.40%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702634      7.02%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974615      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494816      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123902      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145235      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3417      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24240996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18737     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7721     23.61%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6249     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8913535     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86797      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2050790     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345469      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     11397379                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.401282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32707                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47076098                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14412087                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11106211                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     11430086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8604                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460851                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8959                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       352945                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        638956                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12187013                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247559                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       164029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11255398                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022306                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2367748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1714088                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           345442                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.396284                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             11109149                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            11106211                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6729739                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14507972                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.391031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463865                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8863517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9945157                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       153804                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23888051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20203550     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435353      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934539      3.91%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291027      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491939      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93643      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59232      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53862      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324906      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23888051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8863517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9945157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2126655                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1786708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1529122                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8680706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       121036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       324906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35750646                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          24728273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                463006                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               4161389                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8863517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9945157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8863517                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.204415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.204415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.312069                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.312069                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       52374270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14436336                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13089486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2455130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2043783                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       224963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938461                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         897485                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264047                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10438                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21361137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             13464800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2455130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1161532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2806900                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        627447                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      2009114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1328240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     26583916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23777016     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         172018      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         216635      0.81%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         345397      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         144965      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         186236      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         216486      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          99629      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1425534      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     26583916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.474073                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21241760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2147004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2793612                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       400155                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       373839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     16462813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       400155                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       21263547                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         68968                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2017977                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2773177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        60085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     16362398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        41698                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     22848306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     76087850                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     76087850                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     19092724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3755582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3955                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          211054                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1536006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       800851                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       179827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15975730                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        15315724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15935                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1960302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4005285                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26583916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20095753     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2958032     11.13%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210074      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678491      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918335      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283333      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279003      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149112      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11783      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26583916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105792     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14483     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13688     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12901956     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209136      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1893      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1404618      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798121      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     15315724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.539241                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            133963                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57365262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17940093                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14914835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     15449687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12215                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       400155                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         52764                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15979707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1536006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       800851                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5954                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       259107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15047873                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381001                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       267851                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2178993                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2127858                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           797992                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14914954                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14914835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8934891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        24005044                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.525126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11107813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     13687336                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2292430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       226673                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26183761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20390265     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2936054     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1066920      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       529841      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486243      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204038      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202187      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96069      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272144      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26183761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     11107813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     13687336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2029588                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1240952                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1983921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        12323044                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       282624                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       272144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           41891305                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          32359705                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                326610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1818469                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          11107813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            13687336                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     11107813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.556974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.556974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.391087                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.391087                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       67704677                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      20839441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      15220748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681545774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761986129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683983725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764424080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683983725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764424080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869915.040869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895318.154980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.826873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.741117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.826873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.741117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511807454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589173840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514069516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591435902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514069516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591435902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782104.218314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807507.032520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.866150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807835.483249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782464.866150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807835.483249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.445422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         182966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.225806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.445422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.481044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   452.703794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1527.815163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.221047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.746003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3080                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95209887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    792041634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     887251521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95209887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    792041634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      887251521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95209887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    792041634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     887251521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.238000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.237057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.237057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2885148.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 827629.711599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 896213.657576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2885148.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 827629.711599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 896213.657576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2885148.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 827629.711599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 896213.657576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92311740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707993265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    800305005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92311740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707993265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    800305005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     92311740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    707993265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    800305005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.238000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.237057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.237057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2797325.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 739804.874608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808388.893939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2797325.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 739804.874608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808388.893939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2797325.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 739804.874608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808388.893939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2039                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.890895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         122168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        29.891852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.622813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.409986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   898.176378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1101.681718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.438563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.537931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3582                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3583                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2011                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2040                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52660076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1585091641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1637751717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52660076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1585091641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1637751717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52660076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1585091641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1637751717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1815864.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788210.661860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802819.469118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1815864.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788210.661860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802819.469118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1815864.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788210.661860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802819.469118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                278                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     278                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50113876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1408613641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458727517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50113876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1408613641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458727517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     50113876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1408613641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458727517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1728064.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700454.321730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715062.508333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1728064.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700454.321730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715062.508333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1728064.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700454.321730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715062.508333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1319                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.514169                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         159505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        47.373032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.274948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    30.926556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   598.212991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1391.099674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.292096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.679248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 962                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1280                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1320                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1076849677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1158798544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1076849677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1158798544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81948867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1076849677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1158798544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             962                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048721.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841288.810156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877877.684848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048721.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841288.810156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877877.684848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2048721.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841288.810156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877877.684848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                552                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     552                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78436135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    963631387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042067522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78436135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    963631387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042067522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78436135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    963631387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042067522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960903.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753425.634871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790043.610311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960903.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753425.634871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790043.610311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1960903.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753425.634871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 790043.610311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1313                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.471716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         159493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.454032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.758096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   597.158214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1392.284176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.291581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.679826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3028                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1314                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1098721870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1168138835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1098721870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1168138835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69416965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1098721870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1168138835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 861742.643137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888994.547184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 861742.643137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888994.547184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1779922.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 861742.643137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888994.547184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65990839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    984546191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050537030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65990839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    984546191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050537030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65990839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    984546191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1050537030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692072.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 772799.208006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800104.364052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692072.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 772799.208006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800104.364052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692072.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 772799.208006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800104.364052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1314                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.471091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         159497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        47.441106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.270878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.746879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   597.492481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1391.960854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.015013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.291744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.679668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3028                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3030                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1316                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88238234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1083384351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1171622585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88238234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1083384351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1171622585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88238234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1083384351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1171622585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.297877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2262518.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848382.420517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890290.718085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2262518.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848382.420517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890290.718085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2262518.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 848382.420517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890290.718085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                551                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     551                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84814034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    969146551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053960585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84814034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    969146551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053960585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     84814034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    969146551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1053960585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.297644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.296400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2174718.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 759519.240596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801490.939163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2174718.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 759519.240596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801490.939163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2174718.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 759519.240596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801490.939163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3197                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.575261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         124020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        23.658909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    19.380637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   905.272640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1110.787172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.442028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.542377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3847                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3848                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3161                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3197                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53299901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2965755482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3019055383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10051512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10051512                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53299901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2975806994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3029106895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53299901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2975806994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3029106895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              7030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               7045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              7045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1480552.805556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 939719.734474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945819.355576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 2010302.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2010302.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1480552.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941413.158494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947484.171098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1480552.805556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 941413.158494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947484.171098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                493                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     493                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50137836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2688577253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2738715089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9612512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9612512                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50137836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2698189765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748327601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     50137836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2698189765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2748327601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.451056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1392717.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851893.933143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857993.448935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1922502.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922502.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1392717.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853587.397975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859658.304973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1392717.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 853587.397975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859658.304973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3543                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.928216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         154928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        27.710249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.213064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.406558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1201.065135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         828.243458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.586458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.404416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  4512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1416                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1416                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   4513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4512                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  4513                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3543                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52897715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3307023358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3359921073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12867662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12867662                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52897715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3319891020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3372788735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52897715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3319891020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3372788735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              8047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1416                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1416                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              8056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.439796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.439796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1469380.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945133.854816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950472.722207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1608457.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1608457.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1469380.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946646.997434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951958.434942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1469380.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 946646.997434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951958.434942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                617                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     617                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49736031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2999774090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3049510121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12164323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12164323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49736031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3011938413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3061674444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     49736031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3011938413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3061674444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.436829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.437336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1381556.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857323.260932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862661.986139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1520540.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1520540.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1381556.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858836.159966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864147.458086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1381556.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858836.159966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864147.458086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3548                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.929518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         154922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        27.684417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.215436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.135810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1202.901974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         826.676298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.587354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.403651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4507                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4508                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3548                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63688516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3284649534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3348338050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10965448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10965448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63688516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3295614982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3359303498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63688516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3295614982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3359303498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              8047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              8056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1721311.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 937667.580360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945858.206215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1370681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1370681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1721311.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 938654.224437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946816.093010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1721311.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 938654.224437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946816.093010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60439916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2977056570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3037496486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10263048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10263048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60439916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2987319618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3047759534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60439916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2987319618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3047759534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1633511.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849859.140737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858049.854802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1282881                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1282881                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1633511.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850845.804044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859007.760428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1633511.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850845.804044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859007.760428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         3547                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.927361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         154930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         5595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        27.690795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.295535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    14.981033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1202.335631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         826.315161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.587078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.403474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  4512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   4513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4512                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  4513                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3510                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                3548                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65622965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3311039364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3376662329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10393850                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10393850                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65622965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3321433214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     3387056179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     65622965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3321433214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    3387056179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              8052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               8061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              8061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.437040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.437547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.437547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1726920.131579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 945470.977727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953859.414972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1299231.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1299231.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1726920.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946277.268946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954638.156426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1726920.131579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 946277.268946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954638.156426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                617                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     617                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            3548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           3548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62273065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3002623255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3064896320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9690575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9690575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62273065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3012313830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074586895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62273065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3012313830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074586895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.437040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.437547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.437547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1638764.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 857402.414335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865789.920904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1211321.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1211321.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1638764.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858209.068376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866569.023393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1638764.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858209.068376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866569.023393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.849920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         122183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        29.954155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.620405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.089754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   897.269908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1102.869853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.008833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.438120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.538511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 654                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3597                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3598                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54978775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1579356092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1634334867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54978775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1579356092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1634334867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     54978775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1579356092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1634334867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1963527.678571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788495.303045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804694.666174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1963527.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788495.303045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804694.666174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1963527.678571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 788495.303045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804694.666174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                277                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     277                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52520375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403492692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456013067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52520375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403492692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456013067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52520375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403492692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456013067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.358062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.357679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1875727.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700695.303045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716894.666174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1875727.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700695.303045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716894.666174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1875727.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 700695.303045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716894.666174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3513                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.928820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.858119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.298954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.385774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1198.648987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         830.595105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.585278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.405564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1414                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4505                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3513                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53007025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3318687288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3371694313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11464106                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11464106                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53007025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330151394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3383158419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53007025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3330151394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3383158419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1414                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.438085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.438085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472417.361111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 956669.728452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961966.993723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1433013.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1433013.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472417.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957765.715847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963039.686593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1472417.361111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957765.715847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963039.686593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49846225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3014025239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3063871464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10761245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10761245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49846225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3024786484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074632709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     49846225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3024786484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074632709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.435605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.438085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1384617.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 868845.557509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874143.071041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1345155.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345155.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1384617.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869941.467932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875215.687162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1384617.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869941.467932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875215.687162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1315                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.510346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         159498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        47.427297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.272228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.588037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   596.900405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1391.749676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.015424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.291455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.679565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3030                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3032                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1274                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1316                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112646842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1078570481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1191217323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112646842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1078570481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1191217323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112646842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1078570481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1191217323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.296004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2682067.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846601.633438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 905180.336626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2682067.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846601.633438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 905180.336626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2682067.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 846601.633438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 905180.336626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                550                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     550                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108959242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    965185252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1074144494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108959242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    965185252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1074144494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108959242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    965185252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1074144494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.297014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.295771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2594267.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758197.369992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816839.919392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2594267.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758197.369992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816839.919392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2594267.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758197.369992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816839.919392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3202                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.611645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         124028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        23.637888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.026357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.130287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   903.869134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1111.585867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.009829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.441342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.542767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3849                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3850                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3202                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2917031675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2988833367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6552114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6552114                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2923583789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2995385481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     71801692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2923583789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2995385481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.454390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923695.907220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934594.548780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1638028.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638028.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924599.553763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935473.292005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1795042.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924599.553763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935473.292005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                496                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     496                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2639715949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708005641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6200914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6200914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2645916863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714206555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68289692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2645916863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2714206555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.451006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707242.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835882.187777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846781.000938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1550228.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1550228.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707242.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836785.851676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847659.761087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1707242.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 836785.851676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847659.761087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2027                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.887679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         122159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        29.977669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.839952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    17.668351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   895.365973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1105.013403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.539557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 651                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3577                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52855420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1607390527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1660245947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52855420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1607390527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1660245947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     52855420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1607390527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1660245947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             651                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887693.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804097.312156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819065.588061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887693.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804097.312156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819065.588061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1887693.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 804097.312156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819065.588061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50395871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431826326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482222197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50395871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431826326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482222197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     50395871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1431826326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482222197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.358565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799852.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716271.298649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731239.367045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799852.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716271.298649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731239.367045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1799852.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 716271.298649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731239.367045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.444075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.223831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.484686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   452.471668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1528.043646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.013909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.220933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.746115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3076                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3078                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101058800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    804793855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     905852655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101058800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    804793855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      905852655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101058800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    804793855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     905852655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              4052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.238237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3062387.878788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840954.916405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915002.681818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3062387.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840954.916405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 915002.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3062387.878788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 840954.916405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 915002.681818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98161400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    720752299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    818913699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98161400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    720752299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    818913699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     98161400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    720752299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    818913699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.238237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.237292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2974587.878788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753137.198537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827185.554545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2974587.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753137.198537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827185.554545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2974587.878788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753137.198537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827185.554545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159363671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159363671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590164780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8590164780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8590164780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8590164780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421868.759164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421868.759164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430865.465215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943108612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943108612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946529894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946529894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946529894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946529894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342941.865867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342941.865867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342518.017596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              486.773268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003118039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2047179.671429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.773268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1329081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1329081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1329081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1329081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1329081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    138893144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138893144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    138893144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138893144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    138893144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138893144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1329127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1329127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1329127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3019416.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3019416.173913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3019416.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3019416.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3019416.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3019416.173913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2595349                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 865116.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95618237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95618237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95618237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95618237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95618237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95618237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2731949.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731949.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2731949.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731949.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2731949.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2731949.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              148884514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4293                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             34680.762637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   220.772394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    35.227606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.862392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.137608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1058382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       785233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1843615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1843615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1843615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1843615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        10404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        10404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2358146437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2358146437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6123645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6123645                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2364270082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2364270082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2364270082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2364270082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1068711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       785308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785308                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         2031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2031                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1854019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1854019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1854019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1854019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 228303.459870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228303.459870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 81648.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81648.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 227246.259323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227246.259323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 227246.259323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227246.259323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    999691215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    999691215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1112778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1112778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000803993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1000803993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1000803993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1000803993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 248617.561552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248617.561552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 69548.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69548.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 247907.850632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247907.850632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 247907.850632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247907.850632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.383324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              919942684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1651602.664273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.052872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.330452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.036944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1245501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1245501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1245501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1245501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65250101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65250101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65250101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65250101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65250101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65250101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1245545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1245545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1245545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1245545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482956.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1482956.840909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482956.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1482956.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1482956.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1482956.840909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52992681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52992681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52992681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52992681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     52992681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52992681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766422.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766422.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766422.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766422.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1766422.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1766422.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              205264915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35100.019665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   191.473038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    64.526962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.747942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.252058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1854494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1854494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2193771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2193771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2193771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2193771                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        19890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        19890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8933699395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8933699395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2257665                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2257665                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8935957060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8935957060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8935957060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8935957060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1874358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1874358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2213661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2213661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2213661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2213661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 449743.223671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449743.223671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86833.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86833.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 449268.831574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449268.831574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 449268.831574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449268.831574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1836352166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836352166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       400394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       400394                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1836752560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836752560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1836752560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1836752560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 328683.043852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328683.043852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66732.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66732.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 328402.031110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328402.031110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 328402.031110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328402.031110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.660198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999992238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1934220.963250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.660198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1296403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1296403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1296403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117915467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117915467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117915467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    117915467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    117915467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    117915467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1296466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871674.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1871674.079365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1871674.079365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     82415825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82415825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962281.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962281.547619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962281.547619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152540692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33378.707221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.794577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.205423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.874198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.125802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       891732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       749593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1641325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          103                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4686345661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4686345661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8424628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4694770289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4694770289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4694770289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4694770289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       905461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       749696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1934                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1807                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1655157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1655157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1655157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 341346.468133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341346.468133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81792.504854                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339413.699320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339413.699320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339413.699320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339413.699320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1283934490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1283934490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1168180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285102670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285102670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1285102670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285102670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 298867.432495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298867.432495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64898.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 297891.207696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297891.207696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 297891.207696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297891.207696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.221317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999989991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1937965.098837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.221317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95330529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95330529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1672465.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69876025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69876025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704293.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152537901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33473.315997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.757858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.242142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.874054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.125946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784994073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4784994073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4793666412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4793666412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4793666412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4793666412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 348024.879846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 348024.879846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346013.166739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 346013.166739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 346013.166739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 346013.166739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305257921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305257921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1306443777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306443777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1306443777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306443777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 304753.191922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304753.191922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303753.493839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303753.493839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303753.493839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303753.493839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.221591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              999990951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1937966.959302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.221591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1295116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1295116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1295116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1295116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1295116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    115461462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115461462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    115461462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115461462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    115461462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115461462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1295171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1295171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1295171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2099299.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2099299.309091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2099299.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2099299.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2099299.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2099299.309091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       237962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       237962                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88714773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88714773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88714773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88714773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     88714773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88714773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2163774.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163774.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2163774.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163774.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2163774.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163774.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152539129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             33451.563377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.732373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.267627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.873955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.126045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       891052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       748732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748732                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1639784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1639784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1639784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1639784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        13866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        13866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        13866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4676597940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4676597940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8539405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8539405                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4685137345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4685137345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4685137345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4685137345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       904813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       748837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1917                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1653650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1653650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1653650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1653650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339844.338348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339844.338348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 81327.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81327.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337886.726165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337886.726165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337886.726165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337886.726165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1290020429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290020429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1169334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1169334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1291189763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291189763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1291189763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291189763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 300914.492419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300914.492419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64963                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 299927.935656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299927.935656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 299927.935656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299927.935656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.249596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1005644995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1908244.772296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.249596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.043669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1186950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1186950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81516948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81516948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81516948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81516948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81516948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81516948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1187010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1358615.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1358615.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1358615.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1358615.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1358615.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1358615.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53665247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53665247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53665247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53665247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53665247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53665247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450412.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450412.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450412.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450412.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1450412.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1450412.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7008                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167163803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             23012.638078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.180577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.819423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       820861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        820861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       679359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       679359                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1500220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1500220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1500220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1500220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8285665512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8285665512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     91509285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     91509285                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8377174797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8377174797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8377174797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8377174797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       839252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       839252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       679452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       679452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1585                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1518704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1518704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450528.275352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450528.275352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 983970.806452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 983970.806452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453212.226628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453212.226628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453212.226628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453212.226628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3244102911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3244102911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10734012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10734012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3254836923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3254836923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3254836923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3254836923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 463907.180180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463907.180180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715600.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715600.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 464445.907962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464445.907962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 464445.907962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464445.907962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.145189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1030761161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1777174.415517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    29.385769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.759420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.047093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1178380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1178380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1178380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76391187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76391187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76391187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76391187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76391187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76391187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1178431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497866.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1497866.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497866.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1497866.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1497866.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1497866.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53261557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53261557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53261557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53261557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53261557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53261557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1439501.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439501.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1439501.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439501.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1439501.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439501.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              406303930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             49100.172810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.107017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.892983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.434012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.565988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3074901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3074901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1683139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1683139                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4758040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4758040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4758040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4758040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        29191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        29191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        29191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13811999828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13811999828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     44381959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44381959                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13856381787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13856381787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13856381787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13856381787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3104062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3104062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1683169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1683169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          822                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4787231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4787231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4787231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4787231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473646.302527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 473646.302527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1479398.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1479398.633333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474679.928300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 474679.928300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474679.928300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 474679.928300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1416                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3644475440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644475440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     12998182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12998182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3657473622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657473622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3657473622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3657473622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 454990.691635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454990.691635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1444242.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1444242.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 456100.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456100.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 456100.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456100.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              571.168860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1030762225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1774117.426850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.801010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.367850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.047758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1179444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1179444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1179444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1179444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1179444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88995467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88995467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88995467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88995467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88995467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88995467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1179498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1179498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1179498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1648064.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1648064.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64060658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64060658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64060658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64060658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64060658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64060658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685806.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685806.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406307821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             49106.577351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.096803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.903197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3077427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3077427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1684498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1684498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4761925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4761925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4761925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4761925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        29265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        29265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13800411914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13800411914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     39231155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39231155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13839643069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13839643069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13839643069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13839643069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3106662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3106662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1684528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4791190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4791190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4791190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4791190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472051.031777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 472051.031777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1307705.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1307705.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472907.673637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472907.673637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472907.673637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472907.673637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3621869154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3621869154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11096157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11096157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3632965311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632965311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3632965311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632965311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 452224.891247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452224.891247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1232906.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1232906.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453101.186206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453101.186206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453101.186206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453101.186206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              571.972773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1030761640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1771068.109966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.606485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.366288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.049049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1178859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1178859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1178859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1178859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1178859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1178859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89200397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89200397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89200397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89200397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89200397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89200397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1178918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1178918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1178918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1178918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1178918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1178918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1511871.135593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1511871.135593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1511871.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1511871.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1511871.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1511871.135593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        81124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        81124                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66018807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66018807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66018807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66018807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     66018807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66018807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1692789.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1692789.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1692789.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1692789.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1692789.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1692789.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 8021                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              406306384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             49088.605050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.115026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.884974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.434043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.565957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3076507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3076507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1683981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1683981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4760488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4760488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4760488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4760488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        29241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        29241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        29241                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13777865043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13777865043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36997777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36997777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13814862820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13814862820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  13814862820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13814862820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3105718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3105718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1684011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4789729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4789729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4789729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4789729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 471667.010476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471667.010476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1233259.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1233259.233333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 472448.371123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472448.371123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 472448.371123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472448.371123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        21219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3648687968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3648687968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10524350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10524350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3659212318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3659212318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3659212318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3659212318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455346.058655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455346.058655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1169372.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1169372.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456147.135128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456147.135128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456147.135128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456147.135128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              549.127649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              919943347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1654574.365108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.797818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.329831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1246164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1246164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1246164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1246164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1246164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79365022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79365022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79365022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79365022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79365022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79365022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1246210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1246210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1246210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1725326.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1725326.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1725326.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55300748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55300748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55300748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55300748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55300748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55300748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1906922.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906922.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1906922.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205265564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35052.179645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   191.197644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    64.802356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.746866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.253134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1855224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1855224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       339196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2194420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2194420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2194420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2194420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8936529319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8936529319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2186898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2186898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8938716217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8938716217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8938716217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8938716217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1875080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1875080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       339222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339222                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2214302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2214302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2214302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2214302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 450066.947975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 450066.947975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84111.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84111.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449588.382306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1831456279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1831456279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1831840879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1831840879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1831840879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1831840879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327396.546121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327396.546121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327114.442679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              570.729671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1030759423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1777171.418966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.968035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.761636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.046423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1176642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1176642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1176642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76596433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76596433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76596433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76596433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76596433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76596433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1176695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1445215.716981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1445215.716981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1445215.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1445215.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1445215.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1445215.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53370867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53370867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53370867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53370867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53370867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53370867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442455.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442455.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442455.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              406292718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             49319.339403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.111213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.888787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3067787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3067787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1679043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1679043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          820                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          820                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4746830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4746830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4746830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4746830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        29033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        29033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        29033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13929836184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13929836184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38835473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38835473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13968671657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13968671657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13968671657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13968671657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3096790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3096790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1679073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1679073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          820                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4775863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4775863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4775863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4775863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 480289.493639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480289.493639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1294515.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1294515.766667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481130.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 481130.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 481130.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 481130.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1414                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3655490004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3655490004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11594909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11594909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3667084913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667084913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3667084913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3667084913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 458483.632761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458483.632761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1288323.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1288323.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459419.307567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459419.307567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 459419.307567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459419.307567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.770472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              999992093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1926767.038536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.770472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1296258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1296258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1296258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1296258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1296258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1296258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130248937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    130248937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130248937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    130248937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    130248937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    130248937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1296317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1296317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1296317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1296317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1296317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1296317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2207609.101695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2207609.101695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2207609.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2207609.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2207609.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2207609.101695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       837005                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 418502.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113139170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113139170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113139170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113139170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113139170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113139170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2571344.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571344.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2571344.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571344.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2571344.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571344.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              152538876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             33451.507895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.734617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.265383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.873963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.126037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       890881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        890881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       748658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1639539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1639539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1639539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1639539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        13831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4626870161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4626870161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8768922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8768922                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4635639083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4635639083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4635639083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4635639083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       904607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       748763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1653370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1653370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1653370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1653370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337088.019889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337088.019889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83513.542857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83513.542857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335162.973248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335162.973248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335162.973248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335162.973248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1285347128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285347128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1184747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1184747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1286531875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1286531875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1286531875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1286531875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 299894.336911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299894.336911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65819.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65819.277778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 298915.398467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298915.398467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 298915.398467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298915.398467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              518.104850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1005647957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1893875.625235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.110010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.994840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1189912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1189912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1189912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1189912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97045551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97045551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1189971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1644839.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72214293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1761324.219512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167166369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             23003.490987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.193875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.806125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       822587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       680167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1502754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1502754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1502754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1502754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8212747137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8212747137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     82110048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82110048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8294857185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8294857185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8294857185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8294857185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       841021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       680257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1961                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1589                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1521278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1521278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1521278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1521278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 445521.706466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445521.706466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 912333.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912333.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447789.742226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447789.742226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447789.742226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447789.742226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3195645096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195645096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7231484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7231484                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202876580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202876580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3202876580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3202876580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456716.463627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456716.463627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 516534.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 516534.571429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456835.912138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456835.912138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 456835.912138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456835.912138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              549.105759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              919940647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1654569.508993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    22.774560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.331199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.036498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243464                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61351126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61351126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61351126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61351126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     61351126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61351126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1243508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1394343.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1394343.772727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1394343.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1394343.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1394343.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1394343.772727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53186628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53186628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53186628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53186628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     53186628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53186628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1834021.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834021.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1834021.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834021.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1834021.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1834021.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205262301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35201.903790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   191.424939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    64.575061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.747754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.252246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1852840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2191160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2191160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2191160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2191160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9088703214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9088703214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2263606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2263606                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9090966820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9090966820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9090966820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9090966820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1872653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2210999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2210999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458724.232272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458724.232272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 87061.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87061.769231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458237.150058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458237.150058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 458237.150058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458237.150058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             651                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14264                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1858029097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858029097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       405048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1858434145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858434145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1858434145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858434145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333637.833902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333637.833902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        67508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333351.416143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333351.416143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333351.416143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333351.416143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.773627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1003117151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2047177.859184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.773627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.050919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1328193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1328193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1328193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1328193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1328193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1328193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    148815704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148815704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    148815704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    148815704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    148815704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    148815704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1328238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1328238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1328238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3307015.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3307015.644444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3307015.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3307015.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 3307015.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3307015.644444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3234245                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1078081.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101486438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101486438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101486438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101486438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101486438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101486438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2899612.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2899612.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2899612.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2899612.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2899612.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2899612.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148883244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             34712.810445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   220.782755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    35.217245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.862433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.137567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1057642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1057642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       784705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1842347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1842347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1842347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1842347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        10391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        10391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2389987847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2389987847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6125112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6125112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2396112959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2396112959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2396112959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2396112959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1067958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       784780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       784780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1852738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1852738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1852738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1852738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 231677.767255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231677.767255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 81668.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81668.160000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 230595.030218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230595.030218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 230595.030218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230595.030218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1012171431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1012171431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1112600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1112600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1013284031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1013284031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1013284031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1013284031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 251971.976848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251971.976848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 69537.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69537.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 251248.210017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251248.210017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 251248.210017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251248.210017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
