
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010637                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10637222559                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536824207323                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 287116                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   359679                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 187794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67744528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56642.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16263116728                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20373253807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       363776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       208384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       385024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       365440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       387840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       142336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       208512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       366592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       142976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       385280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       108672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       368384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       387328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       108928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4219008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1117440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1117440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         2864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 32961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19590076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     36195915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       397096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     34354833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36460645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       493362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13380937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     19602109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     34463132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13441103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       373030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36219981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10216201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     34631597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       385063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36412513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       469295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10240267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               396626843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       397096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       493362                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       373030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       385063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       469295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6786734                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105049978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105049978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105049978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34198401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19590076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     36195915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       397096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     34354833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36460645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       493362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13380937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     19602109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       409129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     34463132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       457262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13441103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       373030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36219981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10216201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     34631597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       385063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36412513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       469295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10240267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              501676821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2211622                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1841424                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808463                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9504                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19232863                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12130624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2211622                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1046250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2528649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        565847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1755397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1196066                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21354364     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154881      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         195427      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310270      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130585      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         168465      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         195448      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89908      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1283665      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23883013                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19124417                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1879717                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2516605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14830321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19144232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         61943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1763147                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2497970                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14739222                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20581365                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68540416                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68540416                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3393315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          192865                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1383544                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       721248                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8111                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14387047                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13630                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1767312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3615256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18039416     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2664970     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089735      4.56%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610477      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827803      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254954      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250300      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134628      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10730      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23883013                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94433     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13036     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12357     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617700     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188562      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1265188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718734      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.540669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51600247                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16158034                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13429420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       361053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1383544                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721248                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5377                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119011                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1962057                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1915317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           718633                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.531155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13429520                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13429420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8047623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21620823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.526460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2068328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       204168                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18304442     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645178     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960518      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477738      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437309      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183321      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181962      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86621      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244871      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37667695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29142443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                294184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625915                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.550892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.550892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60962574                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18765449                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13711931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1788941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1462766                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       760033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17361501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10142884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1788941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       887855                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2124889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        513187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       875075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1069583                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       18568775     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         115474      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         181343      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         287298      1.39%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         120686      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         136577      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         142689      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          93879      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1046943      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     20693664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070130                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.397621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       17198544                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1039747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2118019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       293318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12384002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1583                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       17224455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        251861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       711747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2097944                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        75748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12374040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        21255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        27691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5280                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17175777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     57552873                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     57552873                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14645162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2530610                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3224                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          226170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       634948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       144226                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12355254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11691038                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1570537                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3503050                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15760826     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1981162      9.57%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082940      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       739005      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688717      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198672      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153648      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52687      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36007      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20693664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2764     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8254     38.12%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10633     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9792997     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184525      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1416      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081824      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630276      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11691038                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001852                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44113095                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13929178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11501286                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11712689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          756                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       331907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        171995                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12358506                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1807                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8185                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101804                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       204077                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11524038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1017762                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       167000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1647655                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1622208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           629893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.451765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11501508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11501286                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6725202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        17559622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.450873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8602233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     10544028                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1814567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2853                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       180636                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16079953     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2073595     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807894      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435388      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325288      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181534      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112544      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100093      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245468      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20361757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8602233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     10544028                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1581004                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              966474                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1513456                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         9501039                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       214215                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       245468                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           32474832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          25049131                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                283104                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               4815264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            10544028                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8602233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.965384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.965384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337224                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337224                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       51965517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15944518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      11551808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         2850                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1884245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       790611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         734571                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193758                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8442                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18003690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10710384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1884245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       928329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2354795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        528913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1621128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1110233                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       184844                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22319079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       19964284     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         254503      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         295082      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         162771      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         184893      0.83%     93.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         103656      0.46%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          71091      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         182086      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1100713      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22319079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.419868                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       17854187                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1773864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2334358                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19179                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       337489                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       305911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1978                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13072479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        10249                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       337489                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       17883770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        585085                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1107498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2324701                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        80534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13062976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        19881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        37508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18153082                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     60820275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     60820275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15491830                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2661212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          219066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251199                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       679740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       149979                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13040061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324737                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18016                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1629327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3770688                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22319079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17126735     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2088824      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1122036      5.03%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       776390      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678296      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       346690      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85252      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54323      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40533      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22319079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3117     11.68%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11544     43.27%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12020     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10313777     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192334      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1509      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142874      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674243      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324737                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.483154                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26681                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47013249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14672991                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12116094                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12351418                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31027                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224331                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          351                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       337489                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        543891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13043550                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251199                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       679740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9053                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107446                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       211781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12140055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1746356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1698871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           674025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475914                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12116406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12116094                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7201337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18857285                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9098246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11162665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1881080                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       187028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21981590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17420853     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2115255      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       886251      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       531880      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       368989      1.68%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       238788      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123870      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99480      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196224      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21981590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9098246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11162665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1691263                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1026868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1597675                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10063556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       227139                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       196224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           34829046                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26425023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                277139                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3189849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9098246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11162665                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9098246                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.803719                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.803719                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.356669                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.356669                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       54766575                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16814043                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12202545                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1744836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1573784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       783984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622397                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18531349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             10971756                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1744836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       718556                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2169337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        294605                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      2357750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1065436                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23256852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21087515     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          77169      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         157816      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          67372      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         359052      1.54%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         321899      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          62926      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         129900      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         993203      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23256852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.430114                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18341524                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2548945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2161377                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         6820                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       198181                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       153555                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12864904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       198181                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18366512                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2341855                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       120114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2145708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        84477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12857118                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        41242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        27733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3001                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     15103952                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     60549310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     60549310                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13360132                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1743808                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1500                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          764                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          193427                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      3033157                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      1533015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14085                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        74148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12829938                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12327855                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7408                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1005587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2405204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23256852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18827620     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1351951      5.81%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1097806      4.72%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       471819      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       589554      2.53%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558909      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318094      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25282      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15817      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23256852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30817     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236736     86.24%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6963      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7735055     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107514      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          736      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955836     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1528714     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12327855                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.483276                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022268                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48194486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13837367                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12221208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12602371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121773                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          340                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       198181                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2279993                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        22693                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12831452                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3033157                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        13837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          340                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54496                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       109625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241310                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946132                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            4474633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1603220                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          1528501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.479883                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12221610                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12221208                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6603028                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        13033991                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.479095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9916692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11653506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1179041                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        95712                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23058671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18815482     81.60%     81.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560983      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728627      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716053      3.11%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197051      0.85%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818555      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61930      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45369      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114621      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23058671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9916692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11653506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              4433465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2911377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1538292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10363176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       114621                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35776571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25863312                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                399884                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2252076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9916692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11653506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9916692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.572322                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.572322                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.388754                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.388754                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60515734                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14198735                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      15313983                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1789561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177752                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705184                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183656                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7969                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17377067                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             10147275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1789561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       888840                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2126007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        515178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       874506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1071049                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178722                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     20711139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       18585132     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         115332      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         181547      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         287422      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         120883      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         136893      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         142856      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          93912      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1047162      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     20711139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070154                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.397793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       17214335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1038919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2119191                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         5426                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       333266                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       293508                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          269                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     12390183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1587                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       333266                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       17240236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        236039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       727144                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2099247                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        75205                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     12380687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents         2386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        27681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4907                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17183105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     57585722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     57585722                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14641443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2541662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3222                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1806                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          226094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1183261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       634834                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       144302                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         12362154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3232                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        11694837                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15555                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1578785                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3522420                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          378                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20711139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15777111     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1982034      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1082458      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738958      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689137      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       199032      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153522      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52923      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35964      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20711139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2798     12.93%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8236     38.05%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10613     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9796706     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184568      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1416      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1081912      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       630235      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     11694837                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.458461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44138015                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13944331                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11503811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     11716484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34985                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20441                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          751                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       333266                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        164846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10676                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12365404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1183261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634834                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         7955                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102722                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101809                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       204531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11526506                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1016974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1646867                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1622118                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           629893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.451862                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             11504012                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            11503811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6727032                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        17567849                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.450972                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8600098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     10541402                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1824061                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2854                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       181264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20377873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16096360     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2073506     10.18%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       808251      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       435167      2.14%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325015      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181823      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112694      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99902      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245155      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20377873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      8600098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     10541402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1580641                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              966248                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1424                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1513078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         9498685                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       214166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       245155                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           32498129                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          25064227                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                284086                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               4797789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           8600098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            10541402                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      8600098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.966121                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.966121                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.337141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.337141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       51975844                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15947773                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      11555521                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         2852                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1748888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1577695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93378                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         623017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4052                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18555549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10994940                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1748888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       719175                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2173162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        294504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2368292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1066080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93640                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23298073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21124911     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          77043      0.33%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         157316      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          67305      0.29%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         360796      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         321890      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          62649      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         130567      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         995596      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23298073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18349244                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2578209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2165253                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         6755                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       198607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       153745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          233                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12892750                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1425                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       198607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18375455                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2378260                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       111859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2148805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        85082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12884982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           43                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        43135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        28663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15135750                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     60682810                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     60682810                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     13388613                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1747131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          200791                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3037169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1535008                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14248                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        73772                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12857394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1506                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12345557                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7070                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1014985                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2453027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23298073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18861463     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1355220      5.82%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1098963      4.72%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472378      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       591524      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558902      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318498      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25317      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15808      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23298073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30968     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236670     86.19%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6951      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7747256     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107751      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2958838     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1530974     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12345557                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.483970                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48270846                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13874225                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12239487                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12620146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22051                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       121159                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          341                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       198607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2313134                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12858912                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3037169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1535008                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          764                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15235                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          341                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53736                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       109083                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12259197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2949072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86360                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            4479875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1605463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1530803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.480585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12239882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12239487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6612384                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        13066329                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.479812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9936260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11676795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183374                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        95189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23099466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505501                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18847599     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1565032      6.78%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729906      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716232      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       199038      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818763      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62160      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45560      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115176      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23099466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9936260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11676795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              4440592                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             2916007                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1541461                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10383964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       113070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       115176                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35844433                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          25918980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                399129                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2210855                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9936260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11676795                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9936260                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.567256                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.567256                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.389521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.389521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60600711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14219838                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15342489                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1972880                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1613940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       810402                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         774277                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8871                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18995618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11033964                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1972880                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       977862                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2301527                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        530638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1001709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1163249                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194117                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22633614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20332087     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         106649      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         169790      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         230744      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         236693      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         201190      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         112196      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         167943      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1076322      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22633614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18803794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1196198                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2297085                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2744                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       333792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       324831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          259                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13537645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1526                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       333792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18854967                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        161063                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       916988                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2249239                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       117562                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13532198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        16880                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        50694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18884416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     62949950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     62949950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16354493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2529899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3302                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1693                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          353145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1266899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       686002                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8027                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       275421                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13515632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12831518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1939                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1501560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3597903                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22633614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.253657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17117583     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2337270     10.33%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1163125      5.14%     91.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       820628      3.63%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       652828      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       270751      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170792      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        88801      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11836      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22633614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2619     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7842     36.97%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10752     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10791898     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       191609      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1607      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1162670      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       683734      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12831518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.503021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21213                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001653                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48319802                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15020562                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12637331                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12852731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       204303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10014                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       333792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        133060                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11522                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13518969                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1266899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       686002                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9728                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       221791                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12653185                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1093931                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1777607                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1797802                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           683676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.496030                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12637461                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12637331                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7254619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19550698                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9533704                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11731595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1787353                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3238                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       196286                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22299822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17412529     78.08%     78.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2458178     11.02%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894811      4.01%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       429501      1.93%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405847      1.82%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210015      0.94%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153244      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83211      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       252486      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22299822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9533704                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11731595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1738571                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1062591                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1616                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1691812                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10570054                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       241665                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       252486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35566219                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27371734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                289185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2875314                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9533704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11731595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9533704                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.675658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.675658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373740                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373740                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       56947083                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17603224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12550263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25508703                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1886101                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546269                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186338                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       791342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         735282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8451                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18020723                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10720729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1886101                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       929239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2357094                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        529458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1642397                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1111352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       185047                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22360023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20002929     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         254748      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         295396      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         162924      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         185049      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         103756      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          71179      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         182279      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1101763      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22360023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073940                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.420277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       17871035                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1795320                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2336642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19193                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       337831                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       306207                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1979                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13085214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        10250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       337831                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       17900641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        593498                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1120448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2326943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        80660                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13075758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        19892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        37570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18170584                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     60879478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     60879478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15506344                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2664183                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3453                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          219422                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1252453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       680388                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       150143                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13052662                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3463                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12336516                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18037                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1631110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3774929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          417                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22360023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17162831     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090713      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1123087      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       777101      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       678995      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       347002      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        85311      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        54394      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40589      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22360023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3125     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11552     43.25%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12035     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10323630     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192507      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1510      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1144004      9.27%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       674865      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12336516                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.483620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47077804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14687375                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12127631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12363228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31061                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       224591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15356                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          755                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          378                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       337831                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        553681                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13056151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1252453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       680388                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1942                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107554                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       104432                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       211986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12151643                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1073374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       184873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1748021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1700522                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           674647                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.476372                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12127944                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12127631                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7208033                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18875122                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.475431                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381880                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9106695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11173191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1883104                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3046                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       187202                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22022192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17457186     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2117201      9.61%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       887094      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532406      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       369302      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       239026      1.09%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       123999      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        99572      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       196406      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22022192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9106695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11173191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1692852                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1027845                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1520                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1599222                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10073049                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       227375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       196406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           34882016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26450517                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                277491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3148680                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9106695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11173191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9106695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.801093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.801093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.357003                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.357003                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       54818557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16829946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12214280                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3042                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1790376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1463999                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       176859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       762441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         705219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17372883                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10151528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1790376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       888721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2127295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        512019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       883753                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1070103                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       177786                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     20715255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       18587960     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         115597      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         182184      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         287985      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         120980      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         135873      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         142754      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          94032      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1047890      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     20715255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.397960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       17210126                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1048217                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2120651                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         5230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       331029                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       293479                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     12394486                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1608                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       331029                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       17235853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        235568                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       737328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2100567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        74908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     12385075                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         2331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        21192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        27737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4599                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     17193536                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     57602908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     57602908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14668868                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2524645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1767                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          225466                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182827                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       635752                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19121                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       144173                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         12366256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        11704695                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15568                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1565307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3488570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20715255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15776737     76.16%     76.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1983393      9.57%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1083820      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       740488      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       689477      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198569      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       154000      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52723      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        36048      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20715255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2803     12.92%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8254     38.04%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10640     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9804393     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184953      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1418      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1082798      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       631133      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     11704695                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.458847                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21697                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001854                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44161909                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13934911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11515411                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     11726392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35538                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       214749                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20201                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          749                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       331029                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        167063                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12369468                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182827                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       635752                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8152                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       102479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101353                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       203832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11537882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1018846                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       166812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1649653                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1624442                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           630807                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.452308                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             11515625                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            11515411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6734506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        17580561                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.451427                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.383065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8616228                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     10561189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1808328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2857                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       180340                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20384226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16095673     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2076797     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       809007      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       436521      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       325385      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181868      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112770      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100325      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245880      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20384226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8616228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     10561189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1583625                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              968074                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1426                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1515898                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         9516551                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       214576                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       245880                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           32507811                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          25070114                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                283044                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               4793673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8616228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            10561189                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8616228                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.960568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.960568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.337773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.337773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       52026984                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15965581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      11562399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         2854                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2209565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1839727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807676                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9493                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19214922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12119486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2209565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1045239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2526294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        565345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1771863                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1194953                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23880431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21354137     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         154736      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         195223      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         309985      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         130451      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         168290      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         195272      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          89832      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1282505      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23880431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19108148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1896066                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2514260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       336064                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14816714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19127944                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         61920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1779570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2495645                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        54612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14725727                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         7757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        38052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     20562597                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     68477697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     68477697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17172186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3390411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          192724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1382272                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       720578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8102                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       164533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14373874                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13779170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13617                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1765824                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3612431                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23880431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18042261     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2662480     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1088734      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       609884      2.55%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827041      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254730      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250075      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134502      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10724      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23880431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94344     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13024     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12346     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11606969     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188410      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1703      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264018      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718070      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13779170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.540170                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119714                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008688                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51572102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16143369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13417031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13898884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10158                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265976                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       360736                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1382272                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5379                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118889                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233182                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13536690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1242271                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1960236                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1913517                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           717965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.530665                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13417132                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13417031                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8040227                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        21600927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525974                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372217                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990762                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12310967                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2066548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3441                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       203983                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23519695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18307043     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2642702     11.24%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959615      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477288      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436899      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183154      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181802      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86543      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244649      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23519695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9990762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12310967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1825855                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1116296                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1716                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1784281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11084016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254222                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       244649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37652483                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29115780                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                293905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1628497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9990762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12310967                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9990762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.553251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.553251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391657                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391657                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60906370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18748211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13699319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3438                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1979748                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1619456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       809026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         776459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204297                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19055926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11073238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1979748                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       980756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2309184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        532747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       979165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1166999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194770                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22681934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20372750     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         106865      0.47%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         170402      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         231315      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         237552      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         201596      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         112490      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         168072      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1080892      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22681934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.434093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18864230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1175004                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2304819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       326008                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13585399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18915765                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        159343                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       897017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2256553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       118012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13579562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16741                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        50978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18949483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63171418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63171418                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16405614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2543855                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3339                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          354793                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1271109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       688558                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7929                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       221153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13563050                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3350                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12874084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1511097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3622076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22681934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17191791     75.80%     75.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2291415     10.10%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1150513      5.07%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       840060      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       664260      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       271488      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       171557      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        89159      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11691      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22681934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2672     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7871     36.88%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10797     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10827840     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       192173      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1612      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1166259      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       686200      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12874084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.504689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48453441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15077555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12679185                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12895424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26057                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       205221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           60                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       335241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        131269                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11604                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13566423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1271109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       688558                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9807                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           60                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       112563                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       222703                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12695261                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1097523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1783667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1803809                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           686144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.497679                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12679304                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12679185                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7278502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19615600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.497049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371057                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9563510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11768215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1798204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3251                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       196944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22346693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17480753     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2430503     10.88%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       901028      4.03%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       430468      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       384820      1.72%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       209684      0.94%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       168085      0.75%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        82774      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258578      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22346693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9563510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11768215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1743959                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1065879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1622                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1697080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10603050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       242415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       258578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35654469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27468110                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                290302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2826994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9563510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11768215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9563510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.667319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.667319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374908                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374908                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       57136665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17661790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12594627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1745526                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1574508                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        94028                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       772305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96204                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4134                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18540321                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10975363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1745526                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       718962                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2169937                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        295212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2321450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1065945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94278                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23230579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21060642     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          77028      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         157581      0.68%     91.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          67162      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         359785      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         321965      1.39%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          63054      0.27%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         130186      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         993176      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23230579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068428                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430256                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18355722                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2507425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2162034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         6754                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       198639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       153541                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12869365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1434                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       198639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18380370                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2305032                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       119648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2146669                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        80216                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12861461                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           81                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        39566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        27128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1037                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15109320                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     60571175                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     60571175                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     13361069                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1748245                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          765                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          189605                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3033906                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1533253                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14207                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        75091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12834861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1505                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12328905                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7368                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1011012                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2422305                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23230579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18804071     80.95%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1350198      5.81%     86.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1094957      4.71%     91.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       472081      2.03%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       590117      2.54%     96.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       559596      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318580      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25210      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15769      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23230579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30863     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       237189     86.27%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6887      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7736020     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       107433      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          736      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2955830     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1528886     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12328905                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.483317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48170696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13847722                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12222297                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12603844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22365                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       122119                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          345                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10960                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1085                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       198639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2245967                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        22745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12836375                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3033906                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1533253                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          345                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        54544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55271                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       109815                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12241995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2946007                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        86910                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            4474714                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1603184                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1528707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.479910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12222716                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12222297                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6603196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        13035486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.479138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9917585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11654522                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1183111                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1482                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        95864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23031940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18788582     81.58%     81.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1560775      6.78%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       728034      3.16%     91.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       716132      3.11%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       197105      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       820057      3.56%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        61989      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45484      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       113782      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23031940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9917585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11654522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              4434072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             2911784                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               740                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1538415                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10364069                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       113782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35755765                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          25873943                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                400349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2278349                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9917585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11654522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9917585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.572091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.572091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.388789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.388789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       60520364                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14200430                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15318100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2213419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1842933                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202814                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       848121                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809146                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9507                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19248089                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12140304                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2213419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1047120                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2530691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        566272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1732483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1197007                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23877635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21346944     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         154993      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         195597      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         310515      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         130719      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         168606      0.71%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         195603      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          89971      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1284687      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23877635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475924                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19139582                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1856871                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2518639                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       361320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       336656                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14842248                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       361320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19159406                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         61989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1740224                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2499998                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        54694                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14751101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         7770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        38112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20597900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     68595709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     68595709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17202140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3395757                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3570                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          192990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1384667                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       721825                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8117                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       164819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14398661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13803099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1768525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3617763                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23877635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18029318     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2667086     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090634      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610942      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       828513      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       255165      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250531      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134712      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10734      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23877635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94490     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13045     10.88%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12365     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11627128     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188738      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1706      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1266216      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719311      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13803099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541109                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51617367                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16170861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13440366                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13922999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       266407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11031                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       361320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         47115                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14402252                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1384667                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721825                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5381                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119107                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114469                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       233576                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13560225                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1244440                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1963650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1916905                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           719210                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.531587                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13440465                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13440366                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8054133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        21638424                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.526889                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372214                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12332510                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2069793                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       204326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23516315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18294574     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2647279     11.26%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       961308      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478111      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437676      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183480      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       182109      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86700      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245078      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23516315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10008201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12332510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1829052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1118258                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1787441                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11103384                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       254669                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       245078                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37673462                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29165943                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                294389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1631293                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10008201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12332510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10008201                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.548803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.548803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.392341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.392341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       61012188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18780702                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13722875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  4                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1787000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1461961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       177652                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761940                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         704623                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         183222                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         7915                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     17362775                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10136255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1787000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       887845                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2124258                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        514974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       871744                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1070028                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       178527                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     20692265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       18568007     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         115485      0.56%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         181563      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         287864      1.39%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         120783      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         135550      0.66%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         142939      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          93652      0.45%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1046422      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     20692265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.397361                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       17199383                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1036854                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2117471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         5359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       333196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       292225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12377246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1581                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       333196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       17225282                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        241874                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       719463                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2097385                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        75063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12367390                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        27744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4560                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17166864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     57523540                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     57523540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     14626545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2540304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3190                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          225945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1182190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       634311                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       144292                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12348427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3197                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11680855                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1578654                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3520737                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     20692265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     15762791     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1980643      9.57%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1081943      5.23%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       738560      3.57%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687668      3.32%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       198701      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       153220      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        52763      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        35976      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     20692265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2754     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     38.17%     50.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10598     49.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9785267     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       184290      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1414      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1080414      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       629470      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11680855                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.457912                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21593                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44091418                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13930431                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11490307                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11702448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34973                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216940                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        20561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          761                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       333196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        166358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10843                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12351648                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1182190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       634311                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       101632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       204735                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11512834                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1015980                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       168020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1645053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1619563                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           629073                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.451326                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11490511                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11490307                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6719262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        17548228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.450443                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8591283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10530640                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1821047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2849                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       181136                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     20359069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16082190     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2070934     10.17%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807636      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       434831      2.14%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       324423      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       181481      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       112840      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100068      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244666      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     20359069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      8591283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10530640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1579000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              965250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1422                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1511533                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9488983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       213949                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       244666                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           32466038                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25036612                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                283455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               4816663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           8591283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10530640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      8591283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.969164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.969164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.336795                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.336795                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       51915036                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15931740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      11543075                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         2846                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1750039                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1578848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        93970                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       664230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         622572                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          96252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4086                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18555196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11002230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1750039                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       718824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2174753                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        297172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2325873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           52                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1066789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        94243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23256776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.555134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.859471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21082023     90.65%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          77256      0.33%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         157639      0.68%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          67603      0.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         360432      1.55%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         321990      1.38%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          62089      0.27%     95.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         130884      0.56%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         996860      4.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23256776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431309                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18349200                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2533333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2166816                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       200664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       153697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     12902224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       200664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18375337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2334137                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       112651                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2150595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        83387                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     12894698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           71                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        41718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        28292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          657                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15152219                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     60725759                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     60725759                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     13384174                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        1768027                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          198537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3037843                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1534362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14075                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        74640                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         12867221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1508                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12349340                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1027851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2483620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23256776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.531000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18821078     80.93%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1353276      5.82%     86.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1096203      4.71%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       475422      2.04%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       592910      2.55%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       558587      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       318237      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25109      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        15954      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23256776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31123     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       236426     86.12%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6967      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      7752577     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       108039      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          738      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2957892     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1530094     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12349340                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.484118                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            274516                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022229                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48237135                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13896923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12241979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12623856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        22219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       123756                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           53                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10737                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       200664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2270713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        24308                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12868742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          143                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3037843                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1534362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        14450                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        53951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55882                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       109833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12261966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2948072                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        87369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            4477969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1605665                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1529897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.480693                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12242375                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12241979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6616429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13079874                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.479910                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.505848                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9932014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11671970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1198068                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1486                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        95790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23056112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18805935     81.57%     81.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1565454      6.79%     88.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       729022      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       715687      3.10%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198547      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       818074      3.55%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62323      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        45645      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       115425      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23056112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9932014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11671970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              4437697                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             2914077                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1540882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10379718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       113070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       115425                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           35810699                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          25940794                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                399468                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2252152                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9932014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11671970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9932014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.568354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.568354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389354                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389354                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60608287                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      14226562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15347594                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1484                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25508928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2211172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1840929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202368                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807944                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19230858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12128480                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2211172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1045588                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2527615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        564610                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1757526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1195611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193404                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23881142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21353527     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         154870      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         195322      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         310330      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         129875      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         168330      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         195367      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          90048      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1283473      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23881142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.475460                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19122449                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1881817                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2515555                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1224                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       360095                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       336432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          291                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14825285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       360095                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19142278                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         61757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1765526                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2496907                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        54575                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14733655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         7809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        37951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     20575685                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     68512808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     68512808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17193093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3382586                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3535                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          192528                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1381352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       721435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8079                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       164841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14383257                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3551                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13791325                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1760848                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3593551                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          106                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23881142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18037199     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2665245     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1090316      4.57%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       610835      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826995      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254549      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250587      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134632      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10784      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23881142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94539     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12938     10.80%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12351     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11617608     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188605      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1264485      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       718922      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13791325                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.540647                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119828                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51597080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16147744                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13430152                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13911153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10136                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       263684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11018                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       360095                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         47052                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14386812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1381352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       721435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1830                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5389                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       233090                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13549494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243125                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1961939                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1915525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           718814                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.531167                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13430261                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13430152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8048103                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21618151                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.526488                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10002924                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12325980                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2060884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       203870                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23521047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18302597     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2645417     11.25%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       960483      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477783      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       437651      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183665      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181865      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86559      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       245027      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23521047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10002924                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12325980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1828084                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1117667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1786472                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11097522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       254533                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       245027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37662806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29133842                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                293609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1627786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10002924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12325980                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10002924                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.550147                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.550147                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60964783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18767367                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13710016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.417097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        62.143782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.417097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    32.845668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   412.018784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1564.135548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.016038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.201181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.763738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2782                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     787166907                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      787166907                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    685807624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     787166907                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              3654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               3670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              3670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.831567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886449.219595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.831567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886449.219595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807782.831567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886449.219595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    611255745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    709190828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.234985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.431095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.319820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.431095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.319820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719971.431095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798638.319820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2877                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.585327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.996751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.210751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.769743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   838.983690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1176.621143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.409660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.574522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3410                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3411                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2876                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2638573051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2691682785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5496863                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2697179648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53109734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2644069914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2697179648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 929729.757223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937215.454387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1374215.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1562051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 930355.353272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937823.243394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2389359309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2439482647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5145663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394504972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444628310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     50123338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2394504972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2444628310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.454575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 841916.599366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849402.035864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1286415.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842542.213934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850009.843533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1474215.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 842542.213934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850009.843533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1663                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.499252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         180066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        48.522231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.760830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.646812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   718.232717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1254.858894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.350700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.612724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1781                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3339                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3340                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1662                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57283864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1381719364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1439003228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1607534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1607534                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57283864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1383326898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1440610762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57283864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1383326898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1440610762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1781                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.328485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.332999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1684819.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849765.906519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 866869.414458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       803767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       803767                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1684819.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849709.396806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866793.478941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1684819.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 849709.396806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866793.478941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                954                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     954                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     54298664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1238956564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293255228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1431934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1431934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     54298664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1240388498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294687162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     54298664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1240388498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294687162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.328485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.327763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1597019.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761965.906519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779069.414458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       715967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       715967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1597019.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761909.396806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778993.478941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1597019.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 761909.396806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778993.478941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3041                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.936421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         154680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        30.394970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.553244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    14.125462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1110.658131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         918.599584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.542314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.448535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4119                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4120                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3041                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62913315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2867095655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2930008970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8142132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8142132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62913315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2875237787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     2938151102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     62913315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2875237787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    2938151102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              7155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               7161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              7161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1906464.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955061.843771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965406.579901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1357022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1357022                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1906464.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955863.625997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 966179.250904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1906464.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 955863.625997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 966179.250904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                541                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     541                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60015186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2603467653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2663482839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7615332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7615332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60015186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2611082985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2671098171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     60015186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2611082985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2671098171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.421570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.422057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1818642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 867244.388075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877589.073806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1269222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1269222                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1818642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 868046.205120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878361.779349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1818642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 868046.205120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878361.779349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2889                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.583392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         123108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        24.935791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.207475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    18.812253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   845.752272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1170.811392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.412965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.571685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            714                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 714                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3414                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3415                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2855                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2888                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41834923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2613561091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2655396014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5050265                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5050265                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41834923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2618611356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     2660446279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     41834923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2618611356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    2660446279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              6291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          714                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             714                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               6303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         6269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              6303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.455650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.455416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.455416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1267724.939394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 916717.324097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920733.708044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1262566.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1262566.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1267724.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917201.876007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921207.160319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1267724.939394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 917201.876007                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921207.160319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                446                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     446                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38936898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2363200598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2402137496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4698197                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4698197                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38936898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2367898795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2406835693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     38936898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2367898795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2406835693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.455650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.455416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.455416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1179906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 828902.349351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832918.687933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1174549.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1174549.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1179906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829386.618214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833391.860457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1179906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 829386.618214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833391.860457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3062                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.935638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        30.272211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.554168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.864880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1112.091787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         917.424803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.543014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.447961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4126                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4127                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3062                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62984956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2880917099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2943902055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7529965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7529965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62984956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2888447064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     2951432020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     62984956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2888447064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    2951432020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              7183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               7189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              7189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.422937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.425449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1968279.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 952684.225860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963318.735275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1254994.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1254994.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1968279.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 953282.859406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963890.274331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1968279.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 953282.859406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963890.274331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                547                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     547                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60175356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2615409899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2675585255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7003165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7003165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60175356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2622413064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2682588420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60175356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2622413064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2682588420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.422937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1880479.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 864884.225860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875518.735275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1167194.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1167194.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1880479.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 865482.859406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876090.274331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1880479.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 865482.859406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876090.274331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1154                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.545609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         158749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        49.578076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.267919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.943956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   545.271412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1442.062322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.016086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.266246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.704132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  2658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            862                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 862                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   2673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2671                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  2673                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1114                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1155                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80738785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    957787161                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1038525946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80738785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    957787161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1038525946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80738785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    957787161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1038525946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              3813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          862                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             862                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               3828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              3828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1969238.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859773.035009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899156.663203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1969238.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859773.035009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899156.663203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1969238.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859773.035009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899156.663203                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                488                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     488                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77137874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859606976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    936744850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77137874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859606976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    936744850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77137874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    859606976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    936744850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1881411.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772333.311770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811737.305026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1881411.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772333.311770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811737.305026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1881411.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 772333.311770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811737.305026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1664                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.500309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         180069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        48.509968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          50.748526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.634602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   718.743576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1254.373604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.024780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.350949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.612487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3341                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3342                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1663                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1665                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64877557                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1373676211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1438553768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2886837                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2886837                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64877557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1376563048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1441440605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64877557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1376563048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1441440605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.328759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.328037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.332534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.328037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.332534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1908163.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843263.481277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865035.338545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1443418.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1443418.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1908163.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843999.416309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865730.093093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1908163.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843999.416309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865730.093093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                955                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     955                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61892357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1230803909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1292696266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2711237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2711237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61892357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1233515146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1295407503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61892357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1233515146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1295407503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.328759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.328037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.328037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1820363.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755557.955187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777327.880938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1355618.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1355618.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1820363.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756293.774372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778022.524324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1820363.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 756293.774372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778022.524324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         2899                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.588519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         123128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        24.889428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.212260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.333142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   841.239651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1174.803466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.410762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.573635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3425                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3426                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                2895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 2899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                2899                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43378798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2639101044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2682479842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4992940                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4992940                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43378798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2644093984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     2687472782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43378798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2644093984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    2687472782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              6313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               6325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              6325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922440.071304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926590.618998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1248235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1248235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922894.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927034.419455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1275847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922894.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927034.419455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                445                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     445                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            2899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           2899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40393598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2387969045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2428362643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4641740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4641740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40393598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2392610785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2433004383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     40393598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2392610785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2433004383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.455485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1188047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 834662.371548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838812.657340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1160435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1160435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1188047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835117.202443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839256.427389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1188047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 835117.202443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 839256.427389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.415267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        62.143101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.415267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.839099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   411.541783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1564.619118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.016035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.200948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.763974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2778                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2780                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     804956078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      804956078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    697744752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     804956078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.235115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 821843.053004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 906482.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622811936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622811936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    622811936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    726590062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.235115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733582.963486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.051802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733582.963486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.051802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 733582.963486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818232.051802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1156                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.504865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         158763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        49.551498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.268959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.231046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   546.828393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1442.176467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.015250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.267006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.704188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2681                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1118                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     995893070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      995893070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     79617680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    916275390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     995893070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              3824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               3839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              3839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2095202.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 819566.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861499.195502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                491                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     491                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76281280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    816624990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892906270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2007402.105263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 731087.726052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773079.021645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3041                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.934882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        30.393791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.430445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1111.096290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         918.871128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.542527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.448668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1254                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4116                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4117                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3041                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61551937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2859485058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2921036995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9352885                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9352885                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61551937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2868837943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     2930389880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61551937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2868837943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    2930389880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              7152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1254                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               7158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              7158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.424839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.424839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1985546.354839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951892.496005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962450.410214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1558814.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1558814.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1985546.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953102.306645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 963627.056889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1985546.354839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 953102.306645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 963627.056889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                544                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     544                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58828205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2595660077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2654488282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8826085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8826085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58828205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2604486162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2663314367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58828205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2604486162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2663314367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.421910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.422397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1897684.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864067.935087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874625.463591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1471014.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1471014.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1897684.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 865277.794684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875802.159487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1897684.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 865277.794684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875802.159487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          888                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.416418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         182393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        62.144123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.416418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.841540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   412.350346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1563.808115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.016036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.201343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.763578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 855                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2781                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2783                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 888                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112215415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    686724243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     798939658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112215415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    686724243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      798939658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112215415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    686724243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     798939658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.242955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.241896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.241896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2877318.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 808862.477032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 899706.822072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2877318.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 808862.477032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899706.822072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2877318.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 808862.477032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899706.822072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108791092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    612172029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    720963121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108791092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    612172029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    720963121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108791092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    612172029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    720963121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.233884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2789515.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 721050.681979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811895.406532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2789515.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 721050.681979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811895.406532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2789515.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 721050.681979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811895.406532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2911                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.595731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         123097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        24.822948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.222809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.040573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   851.121520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1166.210829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.008809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.415587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.569439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3401                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3402                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2910                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38609875                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2670344599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2708954474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4854229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4854229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38609875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2675198828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2713808703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38609875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2675198828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2713808703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.461270                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1206558.593750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929138.691371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932193.556091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1213557.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1213557.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1206558.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929533.991661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932580.310309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1206558.593750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 929533.991661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932580.310309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                447                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     447                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     35799826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2417973119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453772945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4503029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4503029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     35799826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2422476148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2458275974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     35799826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2422476148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2458275974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.458353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1118744.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841326.763744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844381.605299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1125757.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1125757.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1118744.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841722.080612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844768.375945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1118744.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841722.080612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844768.375945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3058                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.935387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         154695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        30.296710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.537075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.823489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1110.910220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         918.664602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.542437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.448567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4134                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4135                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3058                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74134204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2865800663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2939934867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10341259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10341259                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74134204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2876141922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     2950276126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74134204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2876141922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    2950276126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.424656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.425136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.425136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2316693.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948940.616887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963281.411206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1723543.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1723543.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2316693.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 950476.510905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964773.095487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2316693.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 950476.510905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964773.095487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                548                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     548                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71324280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2600586302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2671910582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9814459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9814459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71324280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2610400761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2681725041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71324280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2610400761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2681725041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.424656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.422626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.425136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2228883.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 861121.292053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875462.182831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1635743.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1635743.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2228883.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 862657.224389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876953.904840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2228883.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 862657.224389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876953.904840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          890                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.416369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         182384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        62.119891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.416369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.918393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   413.160159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1562.921448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.016073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.201738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.763145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2785                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2787                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 890                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114175505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    698288464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     812463969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114175505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    698288464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      812463969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114175505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    698288464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     812463969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.235083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.242045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.242045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2927577.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 820550.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912880.864045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2927577.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 820550.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 912880.864045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2927577.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 820550.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 912880.864045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                472                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     472                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110749884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    623551492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    734301376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110749884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    623551492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    734301376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    110749884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    623551492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    734301376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.235083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2839740.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 732727.957697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825057.725843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2839740.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 732727.957697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825057.725843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2839740.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 732727.957697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825057.725843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              490.839691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001204106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2018556.665323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    35.839691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.057435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1196006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1196006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38205.688546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.252884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2067541542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067541542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6115320                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073656862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2073656862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2073656862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2073656862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 223493.843044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223493.843044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82639.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222376.070992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222376.070992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 222376.070992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222376.070992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    873056931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873056931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    874181769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    874181769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241643.213673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241643.213673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70302.375000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.784238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.784238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 240887.784238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240887.784238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.276107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1003737205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1911880.390476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.276107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1069524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1069524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78052441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1069583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1322922.728814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53457461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1527356.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              166740112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             25620.791641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.073529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.926471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611582                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351521                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        16735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        16735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7469920380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49803787                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7519724167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1368256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448266.945511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 701461.788732                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 449341.151300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2885786719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6042863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2891829582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462465.820353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 503571.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462544.718810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              512.438996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              999329928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1932939.899420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    30.438996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.048780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1110183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1110183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1110183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1110183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1110183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84765115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84765115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84765115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84765115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84765115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84765115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1110233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1110233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1110233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1110233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1110233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1110233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1695302.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1695302.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1695302.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57631965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57631965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57631965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57631965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57631965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57631965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646627.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646627.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1646627.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              157953538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             30241.918055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   223.681213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    32.318787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.873755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.126245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       783344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        783344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       660639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       660639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1443983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1443983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1443983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1443983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7071911970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7071911970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    310721160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    310721160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7382633130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7382633130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7382633130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7382633130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       800526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       800526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       661138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661138                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1461664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1461664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1461664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1461664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 411588.404726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411588.404726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 622687.695391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622687.695391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417546.130309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4113698                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 822739.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1613714132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613714132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2585634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2585634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1616299766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1616299766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1616299766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1616299766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 326002.854949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326002.854949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152096.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152096.117647                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325407.643648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              566.160344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1028780700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1782982.149047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.380386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.779957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1065379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1065379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1065379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1065379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1065379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1065379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91290733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91290733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91290733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91290733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     91290733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91290733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1065436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1065436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1065436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1065436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1065436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1065436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601591.807018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1601591.807018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1601591.807018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63251315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63251315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63251315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63251315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     63251315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63251315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860332.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860332.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1860332.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 7127                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              405036659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 7383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             54860.715021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.020571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.979429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.433674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.566326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2779416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1520569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1520569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4299985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        4299985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      4299985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       4299985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        25827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        25827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        25827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12074024311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12074024311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26342742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26342742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12100367053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12100367053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12100367053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12100367053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2805223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1520589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1520589                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          744                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4325812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4325812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      4325812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4325812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 467858.500058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467858.500058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1317137.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317137.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 468516.167306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 468516.167306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 468516.167306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 468516.167306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3173700650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3173700650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8191932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8191932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3181892582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3181892582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3181892582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3181892582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 445681.877545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445681.877545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1365322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1365322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446456.094009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446456.094009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 446456.094009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446456.094009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.423764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1003738670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1915531.812977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    26.423764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.042346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1070989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1070989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1070989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1070989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1070989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68318803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68318803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68318803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68318803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68318803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68318803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1071049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1071049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1071049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1071049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1071049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1071049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1138646.716667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1138646.716667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1138646.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1138646.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1138646.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1138646.716667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     42199148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42199148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     42199148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42199148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     42199148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42199148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1241151.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241151.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1241151.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241151.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1241151.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1241151.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 6269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              166739865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             25554.002299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   227.060322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    28.939678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.886954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.113046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       739832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       611442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       611442                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1351274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1351274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1351274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1351274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        16619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        16619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        16619                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7346396742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7346396742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     46449155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46449155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7392845897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7392845897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7392845897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7392845897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       756378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       756378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       611515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       611515                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1367893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1367893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1367893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1367893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 443998.352593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443998.352593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 636289.794521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636289.794521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444843.004814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444843.004814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 444843.004814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444843.004814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             714                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           61                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10350                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         6269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2861223037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2861223037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5596265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5596265                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2866819302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866819302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2866819302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866819302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 457283.528368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457283.528368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 466355.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466355.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 457300.893603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457300.893603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 457300.893603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457300.893603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              566.166190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1028781347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1786078.727431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    23.777317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   542.388873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.038105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.869213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1066026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1066026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1066026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1066026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1066026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1066026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91445139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91445139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91445139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91445139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91445139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91445139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1066079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1066079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1066079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1066079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1066079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1066079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1725379.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1725379.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1725379.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63314656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63314656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63314656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63314656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63314656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63314656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1918625.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1918625.939394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1918625.939394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              405042230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             54646.820022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.005060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.994940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2782490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2782490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1523062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1523062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4305552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4305552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4305552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4305552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        26066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        26086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        26086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        26086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        26086                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12088755856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12088755856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     25206154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25206154                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12113962010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12113962010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  12113962010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12113962010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2808556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2808556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1523082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1523082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          746                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4331638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4331638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4331638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4331638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 463774.873628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 463774.873628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1260307.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260307.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 464385.571188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3188171151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188171151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7579765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7579765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3195750916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195750916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3195750916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3195750916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 445898.063077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445898.063077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1263294.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1263294.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446583.414757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              512.462664                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998075653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1926786.974903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.462664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1163182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1163182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1163182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1163182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1163182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1163182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107534693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107534693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107534693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107534693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    107534693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107534693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1163248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1163248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1163248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1163248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1163248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1163248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1629313.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1629313.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1629313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1629313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1629313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1629313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       318677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 159338.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81279530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81279530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81279530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81279530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     81279530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81279530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1890221.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890221.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1890221.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890221.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1890221.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890221.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3784                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              152102321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37649.089356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   222.838570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    33.161430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.870463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.129537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       800646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        800646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       672786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       672786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1473432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1473432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1473432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1473432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4206806885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4206806885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7067420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7067420                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4213874305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4213874305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4213874305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4213874305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       812839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       812839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       672872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       672872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1617                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1485711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1485711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1485711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1485711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345018.197736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 345018.197736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 82179.302326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82179.302326                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343177.319407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 343177.319407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343177.319407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 343177.319407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1139935312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139935312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       976224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1140911536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140911536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1140911536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140911536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 302370.109284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 302370.109284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65081.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65081.600000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 301429.732100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301429.732100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 301429.732100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301429.732100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.441165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              999331045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1932942.059961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.441165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1111300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1111300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1111300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1111300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1111300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1111300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99989089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99989089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99989089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99989089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     99989089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99989089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1111352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1111352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1111352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1111352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1111352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1111352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1922867.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1922867.096154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1922867.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1922867.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1922867.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1922867.096154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65225042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65225042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65225042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65225042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65225042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65225042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1863572.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863572.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1863572.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863572.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1863572.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1863572.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4970                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              157954891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             30224.816494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   223.726395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    32.273605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.873931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.126069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       784084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        784084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       661252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       661252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1445336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1445336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1445336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1445336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        17695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        17695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7012832357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7012832357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    358525482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    358525482                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7371357839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7371357839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7371357839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7371357839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       801280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       801280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       661751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       661751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1521                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1463031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1463031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1463031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1463031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 407817.652768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 407817.652768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 718487.939880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 718487.939880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 416578.572422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 416578.572422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 416578.572422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 416578.572422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4434561                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 886912.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1605811153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1605811153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3865349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3865349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1609676502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1609676502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1609676502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1609676502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 324078.941070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324078.941070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 227373.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227373.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323748.290829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323748.290829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 323748.290829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323748.290829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.037339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003737727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1911881.384762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    27.037339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.043329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1070046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1070046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1070046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1070046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60572768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60572768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60572768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60572768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60572768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60572768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1070103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1062680.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1062680.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1062680.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43753156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43753156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43753156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43753156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     43753156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43753156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1250090.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250090.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1250090.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 6289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              166741878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 6545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             25476.222765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.072417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    28.927583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.887002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.112998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       740729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        740729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       612598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       612598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1353327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1353327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        16680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        16680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7356384741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7356384741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     45453246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45453246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7401837987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7401837987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7401837987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7401837987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       757337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       757337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       612670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       612670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1427                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1370007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1370007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1370007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1370007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 442942.241149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442942.241149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 631295.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631295.083333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443755.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443755.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 443755.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443755.275000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        10390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         6290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2887652777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2887652777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5538940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5538940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2893191717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2893191717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2893191717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2893191717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459963.806467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459963.806467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 461578.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461578.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459966.886645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459966.886645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 459966.886645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459966.886645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              490.828164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001202992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2018554.419355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.828164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.057417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1194892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1194892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1194892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1194951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3561518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 890379.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148427553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 3883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             38224.968581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.201874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    35.798126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.860164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.139836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       951600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       706009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706009                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1657609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1657609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1657609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1657609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2080213141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2080213141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6124799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6124799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086337940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2086337940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2086337940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2086337940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       960845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       960845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       706083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1830                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1666928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1666928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1666928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1666928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 225009.533910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225009.533910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82767.554054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82767.554054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223880.023608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    884867616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    884867616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1126404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1126404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    885994020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    885994020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    885994020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    885994020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245047.802825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245047.802825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70400.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70400.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244277.369727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.322991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998079411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1938018.273786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.322991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1166940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1166940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1166940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1166940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94412065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94412065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1166997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1166997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1656352.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       910596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       455298                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80103202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80103202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2002580.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3799                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152107092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37510.996794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   222.832070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    33.167930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.870438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.129562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       803287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        803287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       674877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       674877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1478164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1478164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1478164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1478164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4100248705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4100248705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6935637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6935637                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4107184342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4107184342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4107184342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4107184342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       815489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       815489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       674961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       674961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1490450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1490450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1490450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1490450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336030.872398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336030.872398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82567.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82567.107143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334297.927885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8487                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1099074184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1099074184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       976680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       976680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1100050864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100050864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1100050864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1100050864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 290453.008457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290453.008457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        65112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289563.270334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              564.930749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1028781209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1789184.711304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.149863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.780887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.037099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1065888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1065888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1065888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1065888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1065888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1065888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93379790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93379790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93379790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93379790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93379790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93379790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1065945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1065945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1065945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1065945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1065945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1065945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1638241.929825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638241.929825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1638241.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1638241.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1638241.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1638241.929825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61873337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61873337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61873337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61873337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61873337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61873337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1933541.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933541.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1933541.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933541.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1933541.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1933541.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 7126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              405037091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 7382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             54868.205229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.001386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.998614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.433599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.566401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2779649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2779649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1520769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1520769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4300418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4300418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4300418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4300418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        25873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        25873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        25873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12079423474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12079423474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     29970354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29970354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12109393828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12109393828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  12109393828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12109393828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2805502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2805502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1520789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1520789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          740                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4326291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4326291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      4326291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4326291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 467234.884694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467234.884694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1498517.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1498517.700000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 468032.073126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 468032.073126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 468032.073126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 468032.073126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         7126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3165835961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3165835961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9402685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9402685                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3175238646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3175238646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3175238646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3175238646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 444639.882163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444639.882163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1567114.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1567114.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445584.991019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445584.991019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 445584.991019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 445584.991019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              490.840199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001205046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2018558.560484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    35.840199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.057436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1196946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1196946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1196946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1196946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1196946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1196946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    175432427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175432427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    175432427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175432427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    175432427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175432427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1197005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1197005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1197005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1197005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1197005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1197005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2973430.966102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2973430.966102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2973430.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2973430.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2973430.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2973430.966102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2928404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585680.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112677004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112677004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112677004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112677004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112677004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112677004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2748219.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2748219.609756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2748219.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2748219.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2748219.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2748219.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148430434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 3886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             38196.200206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   220.244860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    35.755140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.860331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.139669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       953247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        953247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       707239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1660486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1660486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1660486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1660486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2063758321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2063758321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6117275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6117275                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2069875596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2069875596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2069875596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2069875596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       962502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       962502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       707313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1669815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1669815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1669815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1669815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 222988.473366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222988.473366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82665.878378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82665.878378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 221875.398864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221875.398864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 221875.398864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221875.398864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             855                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5699                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    874045075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    874045075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1124546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    875169621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    875169621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    875169621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    875169621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 241849.771721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241849.771721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 70284.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70284.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 241093.559504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241093.559504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 241093.559504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241093.559504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              515.626280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1003737658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1919192.462715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.626280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.041068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1069977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1069977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1069977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1069977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1069977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1069977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61794647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61794647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61794647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61794647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     61794647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61794647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1070028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1070028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1070028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1070028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1070028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1070028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1211659.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1211659.745098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1211659.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1211659.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1211659.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1211659.745098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38973448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38973448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38973448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38973448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38973448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38973448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1181013.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181013.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1181013.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181013.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1181013.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1181013.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              166738414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             25514.676970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.076864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.923136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.887019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.112981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       739047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        739047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       610805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       610805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1349852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1349852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1349852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1349852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        16594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        16666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        16666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        16666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7464049496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7464049496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     45529625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45529625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7509579121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7509579121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7509579121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7509579121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       755641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       755641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       610877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       610877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1366518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1366518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1366518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1366518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449804.115704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 449804.115704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 632355.902778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 632355.902778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450592.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450592.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450592.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450592.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2917203556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917203556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5400229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5400229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2922603785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922603785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2922603785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922603785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465486.445827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465486.445827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 450019.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450019.083333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465456.885651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465456.885651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 465456.885651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465456.885651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              565.550466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1028782055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1786079.956597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.770904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.779562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.906331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1066734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1066734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1066734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1066734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1066734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1066734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101864118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101864118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101864118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101864118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101864118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101864118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1066789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1066789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1066789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1066789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1066789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1066789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1852074.872727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1852074.872727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1852074.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1852074.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1852074.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1852074.872727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1297893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 648946.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74466293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74466293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74466293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74466293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     74466293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74466293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2256554.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2256554.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2256554.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2256554.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2256554.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2256554.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              405040162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             54617.066073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.000978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.999022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.433598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.566402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2781386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2781386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1522097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1522097                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4303483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4303483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4303483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4303483                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        25996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        25996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        26016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        26016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        26016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11990121007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11990121007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     34595478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34595478                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12024716485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12024716485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12024716485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12024716485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2807382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2807382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1522117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1522117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          742                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4329499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4329499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4329499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4329499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 461229.458647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461229.458647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1729773.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1729773.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462204.661939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 462204.661939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 462204.661939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 462204.661939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18856                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3173425669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3173425669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10391059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10391059                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3183816728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3183816728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3183816728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3183816728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 443587.597009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443587.597009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1731843.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1731843.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444667.140782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444667.140782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444667.140782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444667.140782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              490.653560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001203651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2018555.747984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.653560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1195551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1195551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1195551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1195551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    173701944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173701944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    173701944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173701944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    173701944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173701944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1195609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1195609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1195609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1195609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994861.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2994861.103448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2994861.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2906538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 726634.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114629592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114629592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114629592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114629592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    114629592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114629592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2795843.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2795843.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2795843.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2795843.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2795843.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2795843.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148428901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 3892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             38136.922148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   220.253020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    35.746980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.860363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.139637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       952144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       706843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1658987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1658987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1658987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1658987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2086248730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2086248730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6947008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6947008                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2093195738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2093195738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2093195738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2093195738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       961408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       706937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706937                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1668345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1668345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 225199.560665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225199.560665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73904.340426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73904.340426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223679.818124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223679.818124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 223679.818124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223679.818124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        20518                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    885798447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885798447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1128090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1128090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    886926537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    886926537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    886926537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    886926537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 244695.703591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244695.703591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70505.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70505.625000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243929.190594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243929.190594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 243929.190594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243929.190594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
