
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1104270210                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398687993355                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 405769                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523408                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37839                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67608220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29183.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11841846945                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274973226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        76416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        27776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        27520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        20224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        50944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        13184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        52736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        75648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        50560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        51200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        22144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               604672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           41600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       231936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            231936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1812                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1506878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     69200454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3593323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     17966617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2897841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     25153264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3013755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24921437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3129669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     18314358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3361496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18314358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1622791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     46133636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1622791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18778013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3361496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18198444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3013755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     12518675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2434187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     11939107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1622791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     47756427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1506878                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     68504972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1622791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     45785895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1738705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     46365463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1622791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20053063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               547576123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1506878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3593323                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2897841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3013755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3129669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3361496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1622791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1622791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3361496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3013755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2434187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1622791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1506878                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1622791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1738705                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1622791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37671939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         210035549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              210035549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         210035549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1506878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     69200454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3593323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     17966617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2897841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     25153264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3013755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24921437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3129669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     18314358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3361496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18314358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1622791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     46133636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1622791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18778013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3361496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18198444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3013755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     12518675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2434187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     11939107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1622791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     47756427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1506878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     68504972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1622791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     45785895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1738705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     46365463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1622791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20053063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              757611672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206328                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21783                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83742                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78577                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2002598                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221187                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206328                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99168                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         68061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        65907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124969                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21843                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2364450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2113998     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13189      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20882      0.88%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31724      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13221      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15541      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16092      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11508      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128295      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2364450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461151                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1977356                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        91805                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248717                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45165                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33400                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1480365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45165                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1982397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         41410                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        34928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245217                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1477681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1061                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6887625                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6887625                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352607                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45092                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       149275                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4115                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1472968                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          321                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1376027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225505                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2364450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779171     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237099     10.03%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130871      5.53%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86191      3.65%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78939      3.34%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24373      1.03%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17652      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6152      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4002      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2364450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           404     11.87%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1404     41.26%     53.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1595     46.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1133205     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25292      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136179      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81198      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1376027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.519622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3403                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002473                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5121995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1379430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5372                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45165                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         29951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1666                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1473289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           43                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149275                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          897                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11888                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13386                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355947                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209817                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            81045                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.512039                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          799143                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.510099                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394050                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22195                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825344     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235077     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97579      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50141      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37324      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21331      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13035      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11121      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28333      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3765448                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2994178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35641                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                283681                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.648126                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.648126                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6154438                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1846014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402717                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         217522                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89358                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83535                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21949                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1066                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2087251                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1216404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            217522                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       105484                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              252515                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         63689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        53223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          129365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2433343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2180828     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11645      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18301      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          24565      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          26001      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          22030      0.91%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11655      0.48%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          18570      0.76%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         119748      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2433343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082142                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.459344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2065754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        75196                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          251860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          414                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        40114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        35614                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1490725                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        40114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2071931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         16378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        45222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          246111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        13582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1489231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2078935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6923009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6923009                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1771189                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         307718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           42703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       140196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        74620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          923                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        30526                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1486301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401848                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          324                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       181677                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       440181                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2433343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830866     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       255068     10.48%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127723      5.25%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89073      3.66%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71309      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29220      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19125      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9643      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1316      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2433343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     13.14%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          913     36.24%     49.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1275     50.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1179917     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20793      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126685      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74279      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401848                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.529373                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2519                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5239878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668355                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378660                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2877                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25073                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1428                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        40114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         13089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1373                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1486669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1166                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12674                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        26223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1380877                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             193556                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         195977                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            74252                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.521453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1378729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1378660                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          792873                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2136446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.520616                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371118                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1032427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1270371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216283                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        23131                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2393229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1863707     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266799     11.15%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96531      4.03%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46257      1.93%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44202      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22943      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16596      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8912      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27282      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2393229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1032427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1270371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               188315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              115123                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           183221                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1144541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        26144                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        27282                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3852588                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3013447                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 33663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                214788                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1032427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1270371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1032427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.564957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.564957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389870                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389870                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6212032                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1922362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1381175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         203989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180103                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130855                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124879                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2108180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1157130                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            203989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       137762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              255810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        32437                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          129521                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17860                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2437775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.536961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2181965     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          37054      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          20720      0.85%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36347      1.49%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12540      0.51%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          33508      1.37%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5685      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10002      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          99954      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2437775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.436961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2091056                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        50362                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          255085                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          335                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        40934                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        20686                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          416                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1304086                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1704                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        40934                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2093383                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         27715                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        16031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          252855                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1301136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1142                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1716940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5912468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5912468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1356099                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         360832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           18243                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       225714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        39970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8894                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1291828                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          196                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197372                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       542101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2437775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1916652     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       168044      6.89%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167333      6.86%     92.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98672      4.05%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55078      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14734      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16502      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          428      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          332      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2437775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2272     58.26%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          911     23.36%     81.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          717     18.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       944505     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9856      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203482     16.99%     96.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39441      3.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197372                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.452157                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003257                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4837600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1547639                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1163765                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1201272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1095                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50682                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        40934                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         20956                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        39970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          454                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8350                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        19425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             239312                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         177759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            39418                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.445438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1164302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1163765                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          702134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1570477                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.439467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.447083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1033259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18084                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007874     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155642      6.49%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96641      4.03%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31429      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50129      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10643      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6740      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6067      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31676      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       910948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1033259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               213558                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              175032                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           157756                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          905441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        13691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        31676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3657234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2625133                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                210356                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            910948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1033259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       910948                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.907006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.907006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.343997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.343997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5465311                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1527059                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1365923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         204364                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       180443                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18357                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130855                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2109392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1159375                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            204364                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       137684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              256186                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         60018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        31230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          129560                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17809                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2438352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2182166     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          37067      1.52%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20657      0.85%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          36369      1.49%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12652      0.52%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          33532      1.38%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5747      0.24%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9953      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         100209      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2438352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077173                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.437809                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2092095                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        49356                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          255450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        41128                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        20701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1306519                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        41128                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2094470                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         27068                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        15606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          253168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1303498                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1720211                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5923677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5923677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1357189                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         363022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          189                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           18438                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       226004                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        40169                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1294185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1198292                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1236                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       257217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       548992                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2438352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1917116     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167844      6.88%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167210      6.86%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        99175      4.07%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54944      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14736      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16577      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          335      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2438352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2263     58.01%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          911     23.35%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          727     18.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       945195     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9867      0.82%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           89      0.01%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203552     16.99%     96.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39589      3.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1198292                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.452505                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3901                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003255                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4840073                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1551614                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1164870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1202193                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1139                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50942                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        41128                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         20158                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          839                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1294383                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       226004                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40169                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          441                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11023                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8414                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        19437                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1180641                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             239536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         177954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            39554                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.445839                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1165438                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1164870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          702598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1571725                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.439884                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.447023                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       911568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1033957                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          186                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        18044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2397224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294449                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2007986     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155736      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96730      4.04%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31366      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50292      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10578      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6806      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6071      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31659      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2397224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       911568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1033957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               213627                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              175062                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                92                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           157832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          906083                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13701                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        31659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3659993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2630040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 48533                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                209779                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            911568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1033957                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       911568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.905028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.905028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.344231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.344231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5470152                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1528366                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1368432                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         217796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       178154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23057                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83313                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21950                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1075                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2086637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1218260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            217796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       105263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              252816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         63853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        51708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          129324                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22929                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2431692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2178876     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11643      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18203      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24681      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26023      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          22035      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          11570      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18539      0.76%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         120122      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2431692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082245                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460045                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2065139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        73702                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          252139                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          412                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        40295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        35705                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1493085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1264                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        40295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2071296                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         15801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        44435                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          246421                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13439                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1491501                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2082088                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6933452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6933452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1772567                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         309519                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          361                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           42558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       140621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        30596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1488473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          363                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       445364                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2431692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829057     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254840     10.48%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127570      5.25%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89419      3.68%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71475      2.94%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29271      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19118      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9630      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1312      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2431692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     13.04%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          924     36.51%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1277     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1180837     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20814      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126963      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74318      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.529848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2531                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001804                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5240800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1379815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1405637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25418                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1460                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        40295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         12568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1397                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1488841                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           17                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13602                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26102                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1382118                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119484                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20988                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             193777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         196168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74293                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.521922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1379898                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1379815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          793415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2137753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371144                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1033218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1271341                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23121                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1861382     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       267100     11.17%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96605      4.04%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46282      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44256      1.85%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22985      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16590      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8880      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27317      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1033218                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1271341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               188438                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              115203                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           183373                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1145400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        27317                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3852916                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3018001                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 33624                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                216439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1033218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1271341                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1033218                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.562993                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.562993                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390169                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390169                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6217380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1924035                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1383143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         217962                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       178257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88447                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83381                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21940                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2088230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1218758                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            217962                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       105321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              252832                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        51127                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          129419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2179814     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11635      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18091      0.74%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          24666      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          26028      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          22175      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11604      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          18620      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         120013      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2432646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460233                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2066589                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        73258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          252132                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          444                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        35735                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1493471                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2072743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         15861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        43823                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          246426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        13570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1491929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2082881                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6935598                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6935598                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1773738                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         309118                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           42434                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       140468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          898                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        30516                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1488931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403709                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       444227                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829364     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       255171     10.49%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127740      5.25%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89881      3.69%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71245      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29326      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18916      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9715      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1288      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           320     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          943     37.18%     49.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1273     50.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1181293     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20824      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126972      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74445      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403709                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.530075                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2536                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001807                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5242889                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672038                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380675                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1406245                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2857                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         12634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1319                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1489305                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          192                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1100                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1382893                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119549                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20816                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             193967                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         196343                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74418                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1380746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1380675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          793685                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2138601                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1033940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1272276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        23129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531793                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1862183     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266930     11.16%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96778      4.05%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46329      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44494      1.86%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22931      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16583      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8926      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27274      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1033940                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1272276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               188618                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              115300                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           183525                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1146261                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27274                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3854426                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3018818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 33648                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                215485                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1033940                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1272276                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1033940                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.561204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.561204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390441                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390441                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6220597                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1925089                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1383915                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         205299                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       184883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12666                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71444                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11131                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          591                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163787                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1290064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            205299                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        82575                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              254245                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         40143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        55826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          125945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2501046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2246801     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8947      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18460      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7526      0.30%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          41485      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          37465      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6989      0.28%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          15163      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         118210      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2501046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077526                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.487160                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2150983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        69062                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          253160                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        26981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        18139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1512183                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        26981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2153798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         48528                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        13048                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          251331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         7357                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1510057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         2834                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           42                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1780244                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7108131                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7108131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1542087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         238146                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           98                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           20567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       353330                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       177463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1504882                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1434911                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138060                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       337568                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2501046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990434     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153516      6.14%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125473      5.02%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54153      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68764      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66154      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37517      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3218      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1817      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2501046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3566     10.99%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28030     86.40%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          846      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       903479     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12497      0.87%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342065     23.84%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176784     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1434911                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541858                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022609                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5404230                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1643174                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1420823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1467353                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17299                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        26981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         44612                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1969                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1505066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353330                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1344                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6652                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7894                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        14546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11361                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             517567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         186033                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           176751                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.537567                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1420962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1420823                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          768897                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1519060                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.536538                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506166                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1144807                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        12711                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985623     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178585      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83606      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82472      3.33%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22454      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96048      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7448      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5257      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12572      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1144807                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1345332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               511803                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              336031                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           177554                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1196427                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        13036                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12572                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3966718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3037443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 48915                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                147085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1144807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1345332                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1144807                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.313168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.313168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.432308                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.432308                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        7031096                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1654632                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1792085                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         215972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176864                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22838                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87067                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82134                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21761                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          994                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2065181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1233552                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            215972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103895                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              269969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65747                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        61907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          128741                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22583                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2439598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2169629     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          28893      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          33564      1.38%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          18259      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          20471      0.84%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11990      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7932      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          21048      0.86%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         127812      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2439598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081556                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.465820                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2047572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        80129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          267427                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        42179                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        35116                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          362                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1505336                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        42179                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2051397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         15461                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        54810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          265909                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9838                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1503343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2091427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6998123                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6998123                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1754698                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         336729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           28559                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       143805                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16402                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1499458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1407874                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1937                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478817                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2439598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1847953     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237114      9.72%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       128107      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88182      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77656      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39697      1.63%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10001      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6219      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4669      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2439598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           358     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1446     45.47%     56.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1376     43.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1179235     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22013      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129660      9.21%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76795      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1407874                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531648                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002259                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5260463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1382631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1411054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3620                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27686                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2340                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        42179                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         11091                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1499851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143805                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          218                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12403                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25801                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1385565                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             198382                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         193147                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            76753                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523224                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1382715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1382631                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          822455                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2156498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522116                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1030014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263838                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236034                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2397419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527166                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346780                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881411     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       239485      9.99%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100372      4.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59800      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41449      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27014      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14303      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11155      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22430      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2397419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1030014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1263838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               191226                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              116119                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           180883                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1139437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25736                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        22430                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3874861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3041926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33489                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                208533                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1030014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1263838                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1030014                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.570966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.570966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.388959                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.388959                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6248370                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1921386                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1402977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         217630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87654                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82947                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21927                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1062                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2088120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1217330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            217630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       104874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              252327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         64341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        51593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          129491                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2180593     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11642      0.48%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18088      0.74%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          24437      1.00%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25862      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          21943      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11673      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          18688      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         119994      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2432920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082182                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459694                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2066717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        73484                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          251640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          434                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        40640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        35696                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1491700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        40640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2072845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         16207                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        43837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          245975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13411                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1490151                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2080495                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6927183                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6927183                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1768804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         311664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           42464                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       140348                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        74588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1487256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          301                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184196                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       447197                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1841741     75.70%     75.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       241513      9.93%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       123159      5.06%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93899      3.86%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73433      3.02%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29204      1.20%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18948      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9673      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1350      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           309     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          943     37.33%     49.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1274     50.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1179696     84.18%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20737      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126663      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74209      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.529233                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2526                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001802                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5238704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2877                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1499                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        40640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         13069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1369                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1487623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140348                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12522                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13734                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26256                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1380192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119126                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             193310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         195783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            74184                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521195                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1378079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1378007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          792091                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2135098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.520370                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370986                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268642                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2392280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1872367     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257720     10.77%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97443      4.07%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45927      1.92%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38854      1.62%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22611      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20176      0.84%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8728      0.36%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28454      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2392280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1031034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1268642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               188049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              114960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           182988                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1142974                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        26109                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        28454                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3851437                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3015913                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 33652                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                215211                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1031034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1268642                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1031034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.568423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.568423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.389344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.389344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6208587                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1921728                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1381933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         240692                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200403                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92527                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85768                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2085206                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1319840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            240692                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       111313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              274164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         65711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        62229                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          130856                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22241                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2463756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2189592     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          16525      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21021      0.85%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          33362      1.35%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13712      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          18118      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          21210      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9817      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         140399      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2463756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090891                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.498404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2073103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        75753                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          272819                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          140                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        36451                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1612424                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2075662                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles          5679                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        63874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          270385                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1601624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2237920                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7444039                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7444039                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1845667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         392253                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       151377                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        77680                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        17401                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1562482                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490489                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2463756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1833534     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286329     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117792      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        66087      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89335      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27888      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27165      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14463      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1163      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2463756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10319     78.87%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     10.94%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1334     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255518     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20246      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137259      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77284      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490489                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.562846                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13084                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008778                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5459635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1768700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449496                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1014                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles          4297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151377                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77680                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          465                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13531                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        26640                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463191                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134482                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27298                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             211733                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         206557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            77251                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.552537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1449536                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1449496                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          868712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2332886                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.547366                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372377                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073727                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        23319                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2421819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1861201     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284546     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102987      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51416      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46821      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19833      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19511      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9289      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26215      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2421819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1073727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1323026                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               196112                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              119960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           191836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1191064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        27308                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        26215                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3958469                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3167700                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 32947                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                184375                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1073727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1323026                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1073727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.466298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.466298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.405466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.405466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6580700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       2027876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1489837                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         240852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92496                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85806                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25589                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2085837                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1320832                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            240852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       111395                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              274483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         65624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          130844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22177                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2464890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2190407     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          16658      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20939      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33419      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13790      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          18226      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          21123      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9893      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         140435      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2464890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090952                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.498779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2073720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        76010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          273124                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          137                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        41895                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        36551                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1613538                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        41895                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2076290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles          5536                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        64252                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          270663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         6250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1602594                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2239089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7448304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7448304                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1845677                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         393412                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23063                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       151367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        77711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          930                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        17445                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1563065                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1839                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206594                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432297                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2464890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1834611     74.43%     74.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286254     11.61%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118134      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65742      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89385      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27817      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27294      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14467      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1186      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2464890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10374     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1432     10.90%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1336     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255706     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20247      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137398      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77361      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.562999                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13142                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008815                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5461659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1770063                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449787                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1055                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        41895                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles          4163                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1563449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        26505                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1463461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             211888                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         206547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            77333                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.552639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1449831                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1449787                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          868528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2332382                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.547476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372378                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1323039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240421                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        23280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2422995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1862379     76.86%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284584     11.75%     88.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102897      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51466      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46830      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19839      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19506      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9240      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26254      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2422995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1073736                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1323039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               196115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              119960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           191839                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1191077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        27311                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26254                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3960188                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3168820                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                183241                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1073736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1323039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1073736                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.466278                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.466278                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.405469                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.405469                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6582103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2027690                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1491006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         205931                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12643                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76949                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71439                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2164137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1292587                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            205931                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        82631                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              254633                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         40279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        56446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125969                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12510                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2502568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2247935     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           8921      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18531      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7538      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          41532      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          37416      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7075      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15269      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         118351      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2502568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077765                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2151119                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        69903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          253542                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          856                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        27145                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1514717                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        27145                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2154038                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         48596                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        13633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          251633                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         7520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1512890                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         2921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1784433                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7119927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7119927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1543983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         240410                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           20966                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       353666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       177584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1652                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1507797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1436825                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1032                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       139449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       342716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2502568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1991678     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153294      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125548      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54163      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69043      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66130      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37691      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3190      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1831      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2502568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3610     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28055     86.29%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          847      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       904914     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12513      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342460     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176852     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1436825                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.542581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32512                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022628                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5409760                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1647480                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1422471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1469337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2433                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17517                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1750                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        27145                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         44754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1507982                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6587                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7915                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14502                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1425327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             517932                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         186319                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           176813                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.538239                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1422602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1422471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          769666                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1521310                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.537160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.505923                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       161491                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        12684                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2475423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1986320     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178945      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83816      3.39%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82564      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22424      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95989      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7461      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5258      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12646      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2475423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1145883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1346650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               511980                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              336146                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           177751                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1197602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13060                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        12646                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3970918                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3043457                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48833                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                145563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1145883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1346650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1145883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.310996                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.310996                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.432714                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.432714                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7038594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1657211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1794798                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         206381                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20581                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2000070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1219469                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            206381                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        99175                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              250148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         67626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        69099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          124757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21731                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2364475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993147                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2114327     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          13153      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21042      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31674      1.34%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13046      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          15500      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          16093      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11515      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         128125      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2364475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460502                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1974591                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        95248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          248433                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        44830                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        33433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1478300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        44830                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1979664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         43546                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        36287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          244886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        15250                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1475546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1033                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2019444                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6877241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6877241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1669657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         349787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           45030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       148930                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        82667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4096                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        15928                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222407                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511206                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2364475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1779660     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236654     10.01%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131143      5.55%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86250      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78733      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24281      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17669      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6106      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3979      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2364475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           391     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1370     40.85%     52.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1593     47.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132124     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25254      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135985      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81099      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.519089                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3354                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002440                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5119126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1693524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349332                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6397                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5330                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        44830                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         32282                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1471051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148930                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          938                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11869                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25210                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1354349                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             209608                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         183768                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            80935                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.511436                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1349450                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1349332                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          798596                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2025250                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.509541                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394320                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252396                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22093                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825426     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235234     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97678      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50041      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37448      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21352      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13038      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11085      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28343      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1000401                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1219832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               195491                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              118154                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           169416                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1102812                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        23781                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        28343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3763530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2989295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 35532                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                283656                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1000401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1219832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1000401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.647070                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.647070                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.377776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.377776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6146712                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1844514                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1400912                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         206168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185739                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78355                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71574                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2164068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1294091                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            206168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        82736                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              254957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         40619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        55117                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          126046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2501747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2246790     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           8915      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          18509      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           7564      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          41658      1.67%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          37410      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           6981      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          15346      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         118574      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2501747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077854                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2151028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        68622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          253823                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        27398                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        18152                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1516793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        27398                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2154057                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         48096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        12579                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          251805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7809                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1514696                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3021                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           69                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1787090                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7128449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7128449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1543855                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         243229                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts           95                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           21837                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       353899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       177570                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1628                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8643                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1509323                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          181                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       140769                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       345757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2501747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990368     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153472      6.13%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125780      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54246      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69056      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66075      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37747      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3160      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1843      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2501747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3604     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28039     86.30%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          846      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905860     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12523      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342420     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176826     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.542917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5410675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1650320                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1423383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1470204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17761                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1739                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        27398                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         44220                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2023                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1509504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7980                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        14563                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426241                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             517880                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         186369                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           176779                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.538584                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1423512                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1423383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          770470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1523421                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.537505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1145813                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       163112                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        12770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985395     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178887      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83667      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82680      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22329      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95999      3.88%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7425      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5294      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12673      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1145813                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1346564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               511969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              336138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           177738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1197526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        13059                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        12673                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3971352                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3046762                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 48946                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                146384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1145813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1346564                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1145813                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.311137                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.311137                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.432687                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.432687                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7042780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1658971                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1796249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         205729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185265                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12615                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78835                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          580                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1291588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            205729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        82888                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              254715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         39972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        55850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          125940                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12460                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2501540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2246825     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9128      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18651      0.75%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           7555      0.30%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          41480      1.66%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          37380      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7018      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          15198      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         118305      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2501540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077688                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.487736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2151376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        68807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          253637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          848                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        26869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        18186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1513544                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        26869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2154119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         47167                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        14362                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          251902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7118                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1511704                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         2721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1782807                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7115133                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7115133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1545249                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         237553                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          185                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           19730                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       353618                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       177591                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1649                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8515                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1506859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          185                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138359                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       336118                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2501540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1990126     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153843      6.15%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125523      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54226      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68842      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66354      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37571      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3240      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1815      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2501540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3676     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28032     86.14%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          836      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905227     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12527      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342621     23.84%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176870     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.542772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32544                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022642                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5409815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1645450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1422943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1469875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2539                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1718                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        26869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         43313                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1982                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1507044                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353618                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177591                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           99                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1365                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6658                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7877                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        14535                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1425772                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341244                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             518083                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         186461                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           176839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.538407                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1423064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1422943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          770217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1522407                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.537339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.505921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159689                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        12654                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2474671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1985255     80.22%     80.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178997      7.23%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83941      3.39%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82671      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22443      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96026      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7382      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5208      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12748      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2474671                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1146607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1347526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               512087                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              336214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           177886                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1198377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        13075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        12748                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3969138                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3041314                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 48843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                146591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1146607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1347526                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1146607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.309537                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.309537                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.432987                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.432987                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7041233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1657575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1793939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2648131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         215761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22885                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87319                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82213                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1001                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2062974                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1232209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            215761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       103940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              269747                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          128651                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2166926     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          28808      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          33410      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          18295      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          20688      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11919      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           8058      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          21064      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         127505      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2436673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081477                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.465313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2045846                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        78923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          267260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        42381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        35018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1504084                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        42381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2049621                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         16727                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        52541                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          265791                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1502184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2089636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6992574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6992574                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1749945                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         339691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          383                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           27793                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       143888                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        77081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        16377                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1498435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1405406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1954                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207552                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485982                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1846178     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236615      9.71%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127757      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88096      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77583      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39653      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9817      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6302      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4672      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1455     45.88%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1360     42.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1177464     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21919      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129373      9.21%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76479      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1405406                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530716                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5252610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1706399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1380120                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1408577                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3463                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        42381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         12436                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1498820                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143888                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          801                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        25854                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1383034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121166                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             197613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         192623                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            76447                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522268                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1380199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1380120                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          821040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2153766                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260469                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238368                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2394292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1879560     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238910      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100059      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59732      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41369      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26931      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14298      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11138      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22295      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2394292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1027272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1260469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               190762                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              115827                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           180381                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1136434                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25675                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        22295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3870834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3040058                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 33502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                211458                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1027272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1260469                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1027272                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.577828                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.577828                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.387923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.387923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6236768                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1918153                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1400967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4737                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32749.920085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           734042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          19.581241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1122.415033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.747240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   272.106984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.634753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    86.477542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.809081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   119.373666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.504100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   118.924142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.821442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    86.702018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.272846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    88.462762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.531682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   183.955168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.841518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    86.154935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.202632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    87.447933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    12.832435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    47.378669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    11.863079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    46.338949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.555095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   192.211882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.746986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   269.505383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.532648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   184.131301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.476265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   187.461982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.841459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    89.784333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2907.575784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1346.763002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1881.087824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1928.182701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1346.313647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1361.247751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2101.832691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1697.475966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1346.521911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1131.215499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1108.162927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2144.721368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2984.623593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          2129.590483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2106.642592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1680.916405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.034253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.003643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.005614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.001446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.001414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.005866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.008225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.005619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.005721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.088732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.057406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.058843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.041086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.041542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.064143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.051803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.041093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.034522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.033818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.065452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.091083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.064990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.064290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.051297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2586                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          597                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2047728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     81181750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4921955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23653022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3922986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33208512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4048678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32545815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4501018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24120606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4492565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23785090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2193505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61221482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2165351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24381777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4818675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23705509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3903385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16394600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3157896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15869199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2329744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62192708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2074732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     81219849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2127726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     60054579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2309416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61053225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2171381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25784990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       701559454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8656221                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       148897                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8757082                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17562200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2047728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     89837971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4921955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23653022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3922986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33208512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4048678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32545815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4501018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24120606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4492565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23785090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2193505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61221482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2165351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24530674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4818675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23705509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3903385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16394600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3157896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15869199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2329744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62192708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2074732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89976931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2127726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     60054579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2309416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61053225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2171381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25784990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        719121654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2047728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     89837971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4921955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23653022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3922986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     33208512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4048678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32545815                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4501018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24120606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4492565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23785090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2193505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     61221482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2165351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     24530674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4818675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     23705509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3903385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16394600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3157896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     15869199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2329744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     62192708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2074732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     89976931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2127726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     60054579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2309416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     61053225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2171381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25784990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       719121654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2586                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.520813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.939394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.339912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.473246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.313230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.488152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.469121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.475059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.438625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.830986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.939394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.473246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.488152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.538742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.469121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.475059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.443860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.939394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.473246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.488152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.538742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.469121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.475059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.443860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157517.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150895.446097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158772.741935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152600.141935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156919.440000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153034.617512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155718.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151375.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166704.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152662.063291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154916.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150538.544304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156678.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153822.819095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154667.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151439.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166161.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150990.503185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150130.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151801.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       150376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 154069.893204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166410.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150953.174757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159594.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152382.455910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151980.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152036.908861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153961.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152633.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155098.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149046.184971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152314.254017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 146715.610169                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       148897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150984.172414                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148832.203390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157517.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150482.363484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158772.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152600.141935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156919.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153034.617512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155718.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151375.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166704.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152662.063291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154916.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150538.544304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156678.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153822.819095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154667.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151423.913580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166161.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150990.503185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150130.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151801.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       150376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 154069.893204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166410.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150953.174757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159594.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152245.230118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151980.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152036.908861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153961.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152633.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155098.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149046.184971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152227.276461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157517.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150482.363484                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 158772.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152600.141935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 156919.440000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 153034.617512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155718.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151375.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166704.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152662.063291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154916.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150538.544304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 156678.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153822.819095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154667.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151423.913580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166161.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150990.503185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 150130.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151801.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       150376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 154069.893204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166410.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150953.174757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159594.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152245.230118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151980.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152036.908861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153961.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152633.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 155098.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149046.184971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152227.276461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1812                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1292315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     49851503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3121593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14641548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2470829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20575474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2537002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20027363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2932357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14925038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2809560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14584528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1379443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38075925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1349828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15006423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3136393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14571401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2389592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10106562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1935315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9874869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1518873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38242496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1319551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     50195223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1314269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37078337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1437790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37785075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1358249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15711003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433555727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5217695                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        90490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5376229                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10684414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1292315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55069198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3121593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14641548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2470829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20575474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2537002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20027363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2932357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14925038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2809560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14584528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1379443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38075925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1349828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15096913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3136393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14571401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2389592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10106562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1935315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9874869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1518873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38242496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1319551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     55571452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1314269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37078337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1437790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37785075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1358249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15711003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    444240141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1292315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55069198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3121593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14641548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2470829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     20575474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2537002                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20027363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2932357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     14925038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2809560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14584528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1379443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38075925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1349828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15096913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3136393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14571401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2389592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     10106562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1935315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9874869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1518873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38242496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1319551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     55571452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1314269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37078337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1437790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37785075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1358249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15711003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    444240141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.520813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.339912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.368421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.361345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.473246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.313230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.300292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.488152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.512993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.469121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.475059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.438625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.473246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.488152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.538742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.469121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.475059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.443860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.546703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.366554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.473246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.314563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.307692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.488152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.538742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.469121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.475059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.335271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.443860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99408.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92660.786245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100696.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94461.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98833.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94817.852535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        97577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93150.525581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108605.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94462.265823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96881.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92307.139241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98531.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95668.153266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96416.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93207.596273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108151.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92811.471338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91907.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93579.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92157.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95872.514563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108490.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92821.592233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101503.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94174.902439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93876.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93869.207595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95852.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94462.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97017.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90815.046243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94128.468736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 88435.508475                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        90490                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92693.603448                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90545.881356                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99408.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92243.212730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100696.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94461.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98833.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94817.852535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        97577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93150.525581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108605.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94462.265823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96881.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92307.139241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98531.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95668.153266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96416.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93190.820988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108151.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92811.471338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91907.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93579.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92157.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95872.514563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108490.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92821.592233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101503.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94029.529611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93876.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93869.207595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95852.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94462.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97017.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90815.046243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94038.979890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99408.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92243.212730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 100696.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94461.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98833.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94817.852535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst        97577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93150.525581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 108605.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94462.265823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96881.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92307.139241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 98531.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95668.153266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96416.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93190.820988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108151.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92811.471338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91907.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93579.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92157.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95872.514563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 108490.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92821.592233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101503.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94029.529611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93876.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93869.207595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95852.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94462.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 97017.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90815.046243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94038.979890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.746555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494288.607570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.746555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2692059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2692059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2692059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2692059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2692059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2692059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149558.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149558.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149558.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149558.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149558.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149558.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2169314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2169314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2169314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2169314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2169314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2169314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166870.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166870.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166870.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166870.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166870.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166870.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92756.766320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   189.853829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    66.146171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.741617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.258383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2896                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    325804921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325804921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77234627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77234627                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403039548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403039548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403039548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    403039548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005644                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132333.436637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132333.436637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 177959.970046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177959.970046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 139171.114641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139171.114641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 139171.114641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139171.114641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    121876128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121876128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9309374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9309374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    131185502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131185502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    131185502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131185502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 117982.698935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117982.698935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       157786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157786                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120133.243590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120133.243590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 120133.243590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120133.243590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              502.040015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              746408998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1469309.051181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.040015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       129322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       129322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         129322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       129322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        129322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8703173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8703173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8703173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8703173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8703173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8703173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       129365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       129365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       129365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       129365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       129365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202399.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 202399.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202399.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 202399.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 202399.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 202399.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7092730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7092730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7092730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7092730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 214931.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214931.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 214931.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214931.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 214931.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 214931.212121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              112762009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             157709.103497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   159.155582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    96.844418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.621701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.378299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        87263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        72832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72832                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       160095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         160095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       160095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        160095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    175534547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175534547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1888247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1888247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    177422794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    177422794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    177422794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    177422794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        88738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       161585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.016622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119006.472542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119006.472542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125883.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125883.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119075.700671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119075.700671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 119075.700671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119075.700671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1031                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     47516016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47516016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       285432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       285432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     47801448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47801448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     47801448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47801448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104201.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104201.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        95144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95144                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104142.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104142.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104142.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104142.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              549.854333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              643069712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1164981.362319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.755395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   525.098939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.039672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         129490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       129490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        129490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5043459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5043459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5043459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5043459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5043459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5043459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       129521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       129521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       129521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162692.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162692.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162692.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162692.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162692.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162692.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4341063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4341063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4341063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4341063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166963.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166963.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166963.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166963.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 166963.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166963.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              150604419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             177599.550708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   156.088381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    99.911619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.609720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.390280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       180952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         219271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       219271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        219271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    224759427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224759427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1503631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1503631                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226263058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226263058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    226263058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    226263058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       182995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        38334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38334                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       221329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 110014.403818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110014.403818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100242.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100242.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109943.176871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109943.176871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109943.176871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109943.176871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61362838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61362838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       241564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61604402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61604402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61604402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61604402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104181.388795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104181.388795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 80521.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80521.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104061.489865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104061.489865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104061.489865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104061.489865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              550.549235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643069749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1162874.772152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.450343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.098892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.040786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         129527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        129527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5292497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5292497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5292497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5292497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5292497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5292497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       129560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       129560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160378.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160378.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160378.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160378.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160378.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160378.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4561101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4561101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4561101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4561101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4561101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4561101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168929.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168929.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168929.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168929.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168929.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168929.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150604486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             176351.857143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   158.207051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    97.792949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.617996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.382004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       180983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       219341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         219341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       219341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        219341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2037                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    220331812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220331812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1641551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1641551                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221973363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221973363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    221973363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    221973363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       183005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       183005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           93                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       221378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       221378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108967.266073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108967.266073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 109436.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109436.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108970.723122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108970.723122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 108970.723122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108970.723122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              69                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     61417513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61417513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       265025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       265025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     61682538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61682538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     61682538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61682538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103222.710924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103222.710924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88341.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88341.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103148.056856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103148.056856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103148.056856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103148.056856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              499.227626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              746408959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1480970.156746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.227626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.038826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.800044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         129283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        129283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7791466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7791466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7791466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7791466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7791466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7791466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       129324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       129324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190035.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190035.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190035.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190035.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190035.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190035.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6042403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6042403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6042403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6042403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6042403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6042403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 208358.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208358.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 208358.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208358.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 208358.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 208358.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              112762176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             158373.842697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   158.842078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    97.157922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.620477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.379523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        87386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       160262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         160262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       160262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        160262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    176533199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176533199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1659386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1659386                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178192585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    178192585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    178192585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    178192585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        88847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       161737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120830.389459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120830.389459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 118527.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118527.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120808.532203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120808.532203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 120808.532203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120808.532203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     46840324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46840324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       270119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       270119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47110443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47110443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47110443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47110443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103400.273731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103400.273731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90039.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90039.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103312.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103312.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103312.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103312.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              499.974921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746409056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1478037.734653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.974921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.040024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         129380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        129380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7550733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7550733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7550733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7550733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7550733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7550733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       129419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       129419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 193608.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193608.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 193608.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193608.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 193608.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193608.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6099021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6099021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6099021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6099021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6099021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6099021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 203300.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203300.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 203300.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203300.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 203300.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 203300.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112762379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             157930.502801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   159.019361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    96.980639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.621169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.378831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       160455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         160455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       160455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        160455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    177013369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177013369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1722636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1722636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    178736005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    178736005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    178736005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    178736005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        88963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       161935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       161935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120745.817872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120745.817872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 123045.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123045.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120767.570946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120767.570946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120767.570946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120767.570946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     47034383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47034383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       280667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       280667                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     47315050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47315050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     47315050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47315050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103372.270330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103372.270330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93555.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93555.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103307.969432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103307.969432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103307.969432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103307.969432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              556.530864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              765406827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1374159.473968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.530864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         125929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       125929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        125929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2730491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2730491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2730491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2730491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2730491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2730491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       125945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       125945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       125945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170655.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170655.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170655.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170655.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 170655.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170655.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2404965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2404965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2404965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2404965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2404965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2404965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171783.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171783.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171783.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171783.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 171783.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171783.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              287890009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             262433.918870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   101.978908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   154.021092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.398355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.601645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       321698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       175599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       497297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         497297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       497297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        497297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         3034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    382677255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    382677255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    382677255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    382677255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    382677255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    382677255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       324732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       175599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       500331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       500331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126129.616018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126129.616018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126129.616018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126129.616018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 126129.616018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126129.616018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     98538328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98538328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     98538328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98538328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     98538328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98538328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117168.047562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117168.047562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117168.047562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117168.047562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 117168.047562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117168.047562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.840779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              746973333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1505994.622984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.840779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         128721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        128721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3231960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3231960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3231960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3231960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3231960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3231960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       128741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       128741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       161598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       161598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       161598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       161598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       161598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       161598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2282582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2282582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2282582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2282582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2282582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2282582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163041.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163041.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163041.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163041.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 163041.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163041.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117716886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             152680.785992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   168.309147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    87.690853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.657458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.342542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        74695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         163664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       163664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        163664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    215143662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215143662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8113951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8113951                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    223257613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223257613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    223257613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223257613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        74746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       165519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119259.236142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119259.236142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159097.078431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159097.078431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120354.508356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120354.508356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120354.508356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120354.508356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1340                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     50363181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50363181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       157197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     50520378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50520378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     50520378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50520378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97982.842412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97982.842412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       157197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98097.821359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98097.821359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 98097.821359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98097.821359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              500.607359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              746409128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1475116.853755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.607359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       129452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       129452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         129452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       129452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        129452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8114731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8114731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8114731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8114731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8114731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8114731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       129491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       129491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       129491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       129491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       129491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 208070.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 208070.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 208070.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 208070.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 208070.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 208070.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6526951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6526951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6526951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6526951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6526951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6526951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 210546.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210546.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 210546.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210546.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 210546.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 210546.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              112761799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             158373.313202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   158.667802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    97.332198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.619796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.380204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        87156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        72729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       159885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         159885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       159885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        159885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    173710497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173710497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1464757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1464757                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    175175254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    175175254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    175175254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    175175254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        88603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        72744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       161347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       161347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120048.719419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120048.719419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 97650.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97650.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119818.915185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119818.915185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119818.915185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119818.915185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1006                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     46601524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46601524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       251716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       251716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     46853240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46853240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     46853240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46853240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102873.121413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102873.121413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83905.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83905.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102748.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102748.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 102748.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102748.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              468.220391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              749857295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1552499.575569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.220391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.750353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         130820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       130820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        130820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5650120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5650120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5650120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5650120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5650120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5650120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       130856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       130856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       130856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156947.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156947.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156947.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156947.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156947.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156947.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4478144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4478144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4478144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4478144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4478144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4478144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159933.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159933.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159933.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159933.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159933.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159933.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              108862492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             179345.126853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   117.463278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   138.536722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.458841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.541159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       103388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        75769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       179157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         179157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       179157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        179157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94062880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94062880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       751622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94814502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     94814502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     94814502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     94814502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       104264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        75777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       180041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       180041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107377.716895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107377.716895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93952.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93952.750000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107256.223982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107256.223982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 107256.223982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107256.223982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34273992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34273992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       208422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34482414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34482414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     34482414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34482414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98488.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98488.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        69474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98240.495726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98240.495726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98240.495726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98240.495726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              467.251641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              749857290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1568739.100418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.251641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130815                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         130815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       130815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        130815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4454584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4454584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4454584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4454584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4454584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4454584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       130844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       130844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       130844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153606.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153606.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153606.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153606.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153606.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153606.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3657255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3657255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3657255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3657255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3657255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3657255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159011.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159011.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159011.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159011.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159011.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159011.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              108862521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             180834.752492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   117.098439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   138.901561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.457416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.542584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       103416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        75768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       179184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         179184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       179184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        179184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     93251244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93251244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1451067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1451067                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94702311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     94702311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94702311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     94702311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       104290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        75780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75780                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       180070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       180070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106694.787185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106694.787185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120922.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120922.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106887.484199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106887.484199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 106887.484199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106887.484199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     33875569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33875569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       276601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       276601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34152170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34152170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     34152170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34152170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98762.591837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98762.591837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92200.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92200.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98705.693642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98705.693642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98705.693642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98705.693642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              556.554315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              765406851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1374159.517056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.554315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2849853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2849853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2849853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2849853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2849853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2849853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 178115.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178115.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 178115.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178115.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 178115.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178115.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2502243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2502243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2502243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2502243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2502243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2502243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 178731.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178731.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 178731.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178731.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 178731.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178731.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  844                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              287890339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             261718.490000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   101.943136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   154.056864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.398215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.601785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       321965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       175661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175661                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         497626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       497626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        497626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    385615550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385615550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    385615550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    385615550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    385615550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    385615550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       325036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       175661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       500697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125566.769782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125566.769782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125566.769782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125566.769782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 125566.769782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125566.769782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     99444336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99444336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     99444336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99444336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     99444336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99444336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117825.042654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117825.042654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117825.042654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117825.042654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 117825.042654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117825.042654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.746301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750132670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1494288.187251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.746301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         124740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       124740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        124740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2726402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2726402                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2726402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2726402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2726402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2726402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       124757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       124757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       124757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160376.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160376.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160376.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160376.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160376.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160376.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2201382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2201382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2201382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2201382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2201382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2201382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169337.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169337.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169337.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169337.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 169337.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169337.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              125035946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             92413.855137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   190.526992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    65.473008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.744246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.255754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        94517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        76489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       171006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         171006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       171006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        171006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          440                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    332083194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332083194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     78266471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78266471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    410349665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    410349665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    410349665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    410349665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        96989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        76929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       173918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       173918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.025487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005720                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 134337.861650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134337.861650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 177878.343182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177878.343182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 140916.780563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140916.780563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 140916.780563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140916.780563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1815                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    122353305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122353305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9316567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9316567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    131669872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131669872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    131669872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131669872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000754                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117760.640038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117760.640038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 160630.465517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160630.465517                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120027.230629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120027.230629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120027.230629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120027.230629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              556.531810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              765406928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1374159.655296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.531810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         126030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        126030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2706096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2706096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2706096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2706096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2706096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2706096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       126046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       126046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       169131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       169131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       169131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       169131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       169131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       169131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2362199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2362199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2362199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2362199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2362199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2362199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168728.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168728.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168728.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168728.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 168728.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168728.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              287890311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             262195.183060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   101.880119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   154.119881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.397969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.602031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       321942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       497600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         497600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       497600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        497600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379812797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379812797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379812797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    379812797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    379812797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    379812797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       324983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       175658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175658                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       500641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       500641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124897.335416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124897.335416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124897.335416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124897.335416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124897.335416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124897.335416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98214850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98214850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98214850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98214850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     98214850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98214850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116644.714964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116644.714964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116644.714964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116644.714964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116644.714964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116644.714964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              557.475408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              765406820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1371696.810036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.475408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.023198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         125922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       125922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        125922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2942799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2942799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2942799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       125940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       125940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       125940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163488.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163488.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163488.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163488.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163488.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163488.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2532687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2532687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2532687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2532687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2532687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2532687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168845.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168845.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168845.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168845.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168845.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168845.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              287890397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             262195.261384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   101.666483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   154.333517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.397135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.602865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       321984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321984                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       175700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       497684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         497684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       497684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        497684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    380832681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380832681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    380832681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380832681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    380832681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380832681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       325025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       175700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       500725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       500725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125232.713252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125232.713252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125232.713252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125232.713252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125232.713252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125232.713252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99030361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99030361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99030361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99030361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     99030361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99030361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117613.255344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117613.255344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117613.255344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117613.255344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 117613.255344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117613.255344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.840700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              746973243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1505994.441532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.840700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         128631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        128631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3376047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3376047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3376047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3376047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3376047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3376047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       128651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       128651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168802.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168802.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168802.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168802.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 168802.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168802.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2313270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2313270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2313270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2313270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2313270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2313270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165233.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165233.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165233.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165233.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165233.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165233.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              117716518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             152482.536269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   167.531018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    88.468982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.654418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.345582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        74523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         163299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       163299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        163299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    217020401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217020401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5275677                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5275677                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    222296078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222296078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    222296078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222296078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        90560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        74574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74574                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121648.206839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121648.206839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103444.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103444.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121142.276839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121142.276839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121142.276839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121142.276839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     50939570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50939570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     50939570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50939570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     50939570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50939570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98720.096899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98720.096899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98720.096899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98720.096899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98720.096899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98720.096899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
