
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1194601584                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400396743012                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 394668                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   518439                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  40386                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29579.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11674126840                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15335241154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        27008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        68864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        43392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               591488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       215040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            215040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2571569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19179616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     58288890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36430556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     36430556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     22608375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1178636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     11143464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1392933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     56788808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36323407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               495134117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2571569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1178636                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1392933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36430556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         180009807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              180009807                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         180009807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2571569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19179616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     14143628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     58288890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36430556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     36430556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2678717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     22822672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     22608375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2893015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     22715523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1178636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     11143464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     57645998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1392933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     56788808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3107312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36323407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              675143923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171896                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80056                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21309                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2008130                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1199186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       101365                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              262235                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         64198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       211641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          125299                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2261283     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          27848      1.10%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          32178      1.28%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          17825      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          20155      0.80%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          11761      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           7806      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          20760      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         123902      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2523518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073335                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.418600                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       228896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          259901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2075                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34252                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1463330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1995048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         18827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       201051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          258461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         9011                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1461089                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2031978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6800982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6800982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1703093                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         328872                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           26274                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       140413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        75401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15790                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1457079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1367765                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       200427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       469210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1948085     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       230856      9.15%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124525      4.93%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86093      3.41%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75189      2.98%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38827      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9381      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6093      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4469      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2523518                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           346     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.86%     55.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1358     44.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1145013     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21293      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126624      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74669      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1367765                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3035                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5264060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1657940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1342995                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3360                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        41116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         14011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1215                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1457479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          846                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25186                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             193168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         187687                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            74626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.469860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1343086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1342995                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798750                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2092554                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.468800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381711                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226889                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       230594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.494235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980979     79.80%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       232711      9.37%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97439      3.93%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58555      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40184      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26391      1.06%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13716      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10768      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21659      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2482402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1226889                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               185944                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              112879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           175550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1106121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        24959                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        21659                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3918213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2956102                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                341235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1226889                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.864747                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.864747                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.349071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.349071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6069752                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1866074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1364081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         194776                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         128205                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2062663                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1109254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            194776                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       138793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              246466                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         56684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        87297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          126135                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2436024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741185                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2189558     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          38196      1.57%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18433      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          37904      1.56%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          35463      1.46%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           5067      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8402      0.34%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92319      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2436024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067991                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.387208                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2040395                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       110343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          245811                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1231891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2043273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         78339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        23846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          242977                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         8368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1228951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1602535                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      5555470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      5555470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1261477                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         341042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           18971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       230229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1220595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1129636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       246011                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       521891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2436024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.074324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1940988     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150963      6.20%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171887      7.06%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96529      3.96%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48449      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12687      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13877      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          333      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2436024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     24.38%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880558     77.95%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.72%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       208054     18.42%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1129636                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.394322                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3277                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002901                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4699914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1098532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1132913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        39218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         68596                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          959                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1220761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       230229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        17893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1114422                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15214                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             237491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         169870                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            32741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.389012                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1098961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1098532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          667089                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1421919                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.383465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.469147                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       870486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       972322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16688                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2396806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.405674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272728                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038316     85.04%     85.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138578      5.78%     90.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91258      3.81%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27980      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48780      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8816      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5807      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32349      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2396806                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       870486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       972322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               211073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              179091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           150017                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          847129                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        32349                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3585252                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2480880                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                428729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            870486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              972322                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       870486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.290981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.290981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.303861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.303861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5190543                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1424818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1318160                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         210881                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87466                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2015498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1203816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            210881                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       101727                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              263241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         64425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       219281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          125746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22128                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2539677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2276436     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          27943      1.10%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          32308      1.27%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          17889      0.70%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          20243      0.80%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11792      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7834      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          20834      0.82%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         124398      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2539677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073612                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.420216                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1998891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       236546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          260895                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2080                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        41261                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          397                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1468966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        41261                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2002423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         20517                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       206998                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          259450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1466618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2039819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6826813                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6826813                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1709757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         330042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          224                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26320                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       140932                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        75658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        15865                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462622                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          393                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1373059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1985                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       201105                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2539677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1962061     77.26%     77.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       231688      9.12%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125023      4.92%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86417      3.40%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75487      2.97%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        38980      1.53%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9411      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6120      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4490      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2539677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           348     11.45%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     43.80%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1360     44.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1149468     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21385      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          166      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127114      9.26%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74926      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1373059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.479294                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002213                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5290817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1664161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1376098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3369                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27620                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2335                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           83                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        41261                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         15706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1463022                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140932                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12222                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13057                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25279                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1351210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21847                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             193866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         188403                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            74884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.471667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1348261                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1348169                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          801886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2101035                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.470606                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381662                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1003850                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231640                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22343                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2498416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1995086     79.85%     79.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233547      9.35%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97851      3.92%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58783      2.35%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40325      1.61%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26502      1.06%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13768      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10808      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        21746      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2498416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1003850                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1231640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               186635                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              113312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               168                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           176235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1110381                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        21746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3939686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2967336                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 32873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                325076                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1003850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1231640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1003850                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.853766                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.853766                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.350414                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.350414                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6093105                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1873418                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1369289                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          336                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         245985                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88086                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26029                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2131472                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1348104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            245985                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       114115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              280125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         68114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       219978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          134089                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2395270     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          17029      0.64%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          21050      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          34306      1.28%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          14139      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          18736      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          21387      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          10198      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         143280      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2675395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.085866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.470583                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2118903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       233975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          278707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        37119                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1647494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2121508                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          6665                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       220897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          276236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6445                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1636609                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2286064                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7605485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7605485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1876196                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         409868                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           23245                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       154524                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        78993                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        18028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1595547                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1519208                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215947                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453119                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033336     76.00%     76.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291684     10.90%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119875      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67457      2.52%     93.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90607      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28718      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27830      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14699      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1189      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10465     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.92%     89.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1365     10.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1280491     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20561      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          186      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139308      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78662      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1519208                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530310                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5728898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1811885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1476885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1532488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32557                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        43637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          5056                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1595932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154524                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        78993                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          602                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        27638                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1490698                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             215170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         210106                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            78641                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.520358                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1476901                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1476885                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          884726                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2377537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.515537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1091352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1344978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250962                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        24140                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061694     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289337     10.99%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105078      3.99%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52055      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47410      1.80%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20121      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19975      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26609      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1091352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1344978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               199521                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              121967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           194914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1211019                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        27804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26609                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4201089                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3235518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 34365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                189358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1091352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1344978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1091352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.624958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.624958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.380958                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.380958                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6704576                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2066021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1520999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         222368                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182044                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2126848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1243406                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            222368                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107630                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              258123                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       124542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          131718                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2550817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2292694     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          11843      0.46%     90.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18661      0.73%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          24961      0.98%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26579      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          22685      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12279      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          18678      0.73%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122437      4.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2550817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2104902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       146949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          257500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        36307                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1524243                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1312                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2111233                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         20503                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       112504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          251538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        13939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1522835                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2123948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7080737                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7080737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1807482                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         316466                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          190                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           42844                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       143702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        76318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        19316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1519918                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       188885                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2550817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1945323     76.26%     76.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       249142      9.77%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126033      4.94%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94387      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        75159      2.95%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30307      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19022      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10120      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2550817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     11.80%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          944     37.01%     48.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1306     51.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205158     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21245      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129585      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75938      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.499905                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2551                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5417887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1409012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1434655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26174                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41091                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         17431                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1231                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1520291                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12733                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26626                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1411264                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       122004                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         199842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            75923                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.492630                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1409091                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1409012                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          809555                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2184022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.491844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.370672                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1053898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1296888                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223411                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        23483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2509726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.361173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1976806     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264553     10.54%     89.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99467      3.96%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47589      1.90%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40383      1.61%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23108      0.92%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20049      0.80%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8900      0.35%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28871      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2509726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1053898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1296888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               192338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              117528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           186960                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1168552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4001141                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3081696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 34092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                313936                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1296888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1053898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.718245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.718245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.367884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.367884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6350362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1963593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1412054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         165918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       135343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17624                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67919                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          63210                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16442                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          763                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1603349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               980246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            165918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        79652                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              200995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         55572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       154788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          100244                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17644                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      1996435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.949407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1795440     89.93%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10547      0.53%     90.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16805      0.84%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          25286      1.27%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          10677      0.53%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          12393      0.62%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          13213      0.66%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9102      0.46%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         102972      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      1996435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.057917                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.342175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1582526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       176246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          199389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        26836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          301                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1187674                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1586569                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         65098                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        95315                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          196702                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        15737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1184901                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3960                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1621205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      5522489                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      5522489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1330186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         291001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           36765                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       119955                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        66181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        12803                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1180835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1099851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184418                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1996435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1526047     76.44%     76.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       191736      9.60%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       105505      5.28%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        69382      3.48%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62663      3.14%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        19307      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13876      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4836      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3083      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1996435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           311     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1084     41.74%     53.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1202     46.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905854     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20241      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          122      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       108779      9.89%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64855      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1099851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.383925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2597                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4200679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1365572                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1079641                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1102448                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4460                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          855                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         51801                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1181091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119955                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          908                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10966                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20438                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1083770                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       103056                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             167779                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         147049                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            64723                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.378312                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1079731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1079641                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          639352                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1622295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.376871                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       797255                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       972217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209654                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          244                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        17924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1959430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1565045     79.87%     79.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       188017      9.60%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78062      3.98%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39703      2.03%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29810      1.52%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16949      0.86%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10563      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8644      0.44%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22637      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1959430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       797255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       972217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               155955                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads               94234                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               122                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           134927                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          879082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        18973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        22637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3118664                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2400766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 28776                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                868318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            797255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              972217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       797255                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.593271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.593271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.278298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.278298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4919027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1475361                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1125478                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          244                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         194234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174966                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12040                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74757                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67352                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          522                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2033612                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1216922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            194234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        77767                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              239766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         38454                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       312118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          118472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2614510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2374744     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           8364      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17561      0.67%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3           7154      0.27%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          39099      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          35025      1.34%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           6716      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          14299      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         111548      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2614510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.424791                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2019182                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       329915                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          238708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        25902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        17110                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1425708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1398                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        25902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2022338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        294044                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27084                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          236589                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8549                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1423626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1679297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6697457                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6697457                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1448615                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         230677                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts           94                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       332793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       166918                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1557                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         8244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1418546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1350253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       329716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2614510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2130769     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147418      5.64%     87.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118828      4.54%     91.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        51585      1.97%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65081      2.49%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61248      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34922      1.34%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2944      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1715      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2614510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3383     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25841     86.12%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          783      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       850489     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11703      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321880     23.84%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166101     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1350253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.471333                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30007                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022223                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5346265                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1552555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1336532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1380260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2432                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1906                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        25902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        288589                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2419                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1418725                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       332793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166918                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           93                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6213                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        13761                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1339366                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320601                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             486647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         175221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           166046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.467533                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1336680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1336532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          723384                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1431226                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.466544                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.505430                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1075406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1263636                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       155241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        12052                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2588608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2128248     82.22%     82.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169676      6.55%     88.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78816      3.04%     91.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77583      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21153      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89100      3.44%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6936      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4917      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12179      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2588608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1075406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1263636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               480629                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              315617                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           166939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1123541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        12210                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        12179                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3995293                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2863671                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 45381                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                250243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1075406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1263636                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1075406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.663880                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.663880                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.375392                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.375392                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6613329                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1557444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1688684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         246044                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205060                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        93903                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88114                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26040                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2132466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1348608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            246044                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       114154                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              280219                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         68115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       218928                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          134142                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2675432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.620002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.982903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2395213     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          17042      0.64%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21053      0.79%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          34320      1.28%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          14135      0.53%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          18746      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          21392      0.80%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10204      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         143327      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2675432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.085887                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.470759                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2119876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       232938                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          278810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        43636                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        37130                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1648073                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        43636                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2122479                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          6657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       219864                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          276343                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1637221                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2287068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7608383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7608383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1877282                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         409786                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23213                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       154549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        79023                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          852                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        18028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1596208                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1519879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       215937                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       453057                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2675432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.294452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2033044     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       291886     10.91%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119903      4.48%     91.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67494      2.52%     93.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90644      3.39%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28722      1.07%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27845      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14703      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2675432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10466     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     10.91%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1369     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1281100     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20565      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139332      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78695      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1519879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530545                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13285                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5730282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1812536                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1477555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1533164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32558                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1435                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        43636                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          5056                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1596593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79023                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13551                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14089                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        27640                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             215228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         210170                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            78675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.520592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1477571                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1477555                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          885162                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2378672                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.515770                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372124                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1091959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250952                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        24142                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2631796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.511304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.327876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2061405     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       289541     11.00%     89.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105106      3.99%     93.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52088      1.98%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47443      1.80%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20127      0.76%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19992      0.76%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9479      0.36%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26615      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2631796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1091959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1345649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               199579                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              121991                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           194977                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1211644                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        27813                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26615                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4201782                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3236839                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 34380                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                189321                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1091959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1345649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1091959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.623499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.623499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.381170                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.381170                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6707644                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2067101                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1521561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         192765                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76777                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          525                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2023659                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1209256                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            192765                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        77250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         37815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       318261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          117827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2608580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2370455     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           8217      0.31%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17430      0.67%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           7116      0.27%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          38819      1.49%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          34970      1.34%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           6575      0.25%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          14218      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         110780      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2608580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.422115                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2007465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       337846                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        16966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1416190                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2010815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        307036                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        21321                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          234750                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1414016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         4032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents           35                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1665897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6653317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6653317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1440371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         225520                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           24027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       331773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       166520                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8174                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          173                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1342618                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       130803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       320221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2608580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127589     81.56%     81.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       146433      5.61%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118726      4.55%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50816      1.95%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64584      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        60901      2.33%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34980      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2844      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1707      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2608580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3341     11.16%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25812     86.26%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       843932     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11618      0.87%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           79      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       321253     23.93%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       165736     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1342618                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.468668                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29925                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022289                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5324914                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1329199                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1372543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2486                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16717                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1861                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        25399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        300815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2498                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1409169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       331773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       166520                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1559                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6102                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        13536                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1331985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       320054                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             485742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         174153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           165688                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.464956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1329343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1329199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          719172                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1419605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.463984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506600                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        11913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2583181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486852                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2125320     82.28%     82.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168476      6.52%     88.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78378      3.03%     91.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77289      2.99%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20999      0.81%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88892      3.44%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6823      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4898      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12106      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2583181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1070588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1257627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               479711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              315052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           166029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1118154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        12106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3980387                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2844069                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 45192                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                256173                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1070588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1257627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1070588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.675869                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.675869                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.373710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.373710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6580660                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1547098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1680308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192946                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16871                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         126376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          520                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2041629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1098723                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192946                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       137028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              243966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         56159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        90208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          124862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2171027     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          37662      1.56%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18159      0.75%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          37363      1.55%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          10764      0.45%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          34908      1.45%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5102      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           8415      0.35%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          91593      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2414993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.383531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2019082                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       113512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          243313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          273                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        17240                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1221322                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1683                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2021977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         78066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        27176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          240478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1218585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         6518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1589956                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5510478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5510478                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1252529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         337411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           19029                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       227172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        33381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          311                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         7427                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1210195                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1120337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       243189                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       515253                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.463909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1923788     79.66%     79.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       151014      6.25%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       169207      7.01%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95572      3.96%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48290      2.00%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12622      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13877      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          323      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          300      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2414993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1871     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          802     24.44%     81.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          609     18.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       873956     78.01%     78.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8204      0.73%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       205282     18.32%     97.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32821      2.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1120337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.391076                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3282                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4660271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1453565                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1089532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1123619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50336                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        38810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         68047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          948                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1210361                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       227172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          440                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17824                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1105246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       202130                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             234927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         168281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            32797                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.385808                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1089957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1089532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          661447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1414513                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.380323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.467615                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       862915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       964751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       245658                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16576                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2019905     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138333      5.82%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90274      3.80%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27805      1.17%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48393      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8811      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5768      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4932      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31962      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2376183                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       862915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       964751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               208813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              176833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           148759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          840814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        11345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        31962                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3554617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2459670                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 47610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                449760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              964751                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       862915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.319855                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.319855                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.301218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.301218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5146406                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1413842                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1305270                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         195639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       132789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129003                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10645                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          527                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2074238                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1114060                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            195639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       139648                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              247446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         56817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        88257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          126805                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16462                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2449651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2202205     89.90%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          38473      1.57%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18335      0.75%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          38071      1.55%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          10663      0.44%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          35615      1.45%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           5166      0.21%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           8490      0.35%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          92633      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2449651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068292                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2051804                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       111492                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          246746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        17351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1236710                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1699                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2054690                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         75043                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        28187                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          243922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8478                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1233809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1608009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5576267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5576267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1265861                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         342132                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           19180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       231514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        33416                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         7429                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1225337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1134025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1462                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       247087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       524140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2449651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.462933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.072485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1951781     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       152546      6.23%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       172615      7.05%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97115      3.96%     96.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48524      1.98%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12528      0.51%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13916      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2449651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1877     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          793     24.19%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          608     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883486     77.91%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8180      0.72%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       209449     18.47%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32836      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1134025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.395854                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3278                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4722441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1472600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1102833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1137303                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         65086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1225501                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           75                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       231514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33416                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           82                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          464                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10647                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7282                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        17929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1119061                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       206301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             239117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         170556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            32816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.390631                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1103269                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1102833                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          669621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1424448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.384966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.470092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       874198                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       976034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        16714                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2410323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.404939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2049994     85.05%     85.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       139750      5.80%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91526      3.80%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27996      1.16%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49008      2.03%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8889      0.37%     98.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5783      0.24%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4947      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32430      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2410323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       874198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       976034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               212187                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              180201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           150627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          850235                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        11348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        32430                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3603433                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2490477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48455                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                415102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            874198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              976034                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       874198                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.277007                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.277007                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.305157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.305157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5213069                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1429615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1324244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         194409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       131589                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         127839                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10588                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          510                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2057986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1107089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            194409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       138427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              245968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        84362                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          125858                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2181875     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          38081      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18417      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          37792      1.56%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          10682      0.44%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          35350      1.46%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5058      0.21%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8401      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          92187      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2427843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067862                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.386452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2035709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       107413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          245315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        17208                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1229738                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1679                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2038583                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         69311                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        29944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          242490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8365                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1226808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1599995                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5546164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5546164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1259470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         340499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           18969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       229598                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        33342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         7399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1218461                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1127646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       245564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       520951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.464464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.075233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1933711     79.65%     79.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       150839      6.21%     85.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       171380      7.06%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        96306      3.97%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        48392      1.99%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12687      0.52%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13881      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          336      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          311      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1873     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          797     24.34%     81.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          605     18.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       879156     77.96%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8185      0.73%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           74      0.01%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       207466     18.40%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32765      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1127646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.393628                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4687750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1464211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1096605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1130921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          856                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51009                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1360                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         59564                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          961                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1218627                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       229598                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        33342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           86                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7294                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        17868                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1112452                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       204174                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             236916                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         169547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            32742                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.388324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1097039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1096605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          665864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1420251                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.382792                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.468835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       970626                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248039                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        16663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.406341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.273491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2030713     85.01%     85.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       138476      5.80%     90.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91086      3.81%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27942      1.17%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48673      2.04%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8816      0.37%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5809      0.24%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4922      0.21%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32259      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       868790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       970626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               210564                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              178582                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                76                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           149738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          845712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        11346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        32259                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3575089                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2476532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                436910                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              970626                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       868790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.297406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.297406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.303269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.303269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5181007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1422544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1315474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         246760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       205677                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24172                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88348                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          26109                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2138089                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1352572                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            246760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       114457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              281035                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         68315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       210212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          134498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2673289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2392254     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          17101      0.64%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21113      0.79%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          34421      1.29%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          14164      0.53%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          18794      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          21445      0.80%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10224      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         143773      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2673289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.472143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2125477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       224254                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          279615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          170                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43770                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        37229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1652873                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts          994                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43770                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2128090                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          6697                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       211112                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          277136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6477                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1641971                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          900                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2293821                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7630445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7630445                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1882632                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         411180                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           23327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       154986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        79241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          854                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        18082                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1600840                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1524249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1808                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       454597                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2673289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.570177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.296433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2029093     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       292669     10.95%     86.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       120291      4.50%     91.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        67664      2.53%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        90886      3.40%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28807      1.08%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27925      1.04%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14755      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1199      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2673289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10499     78.81%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1452     10.90%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1371     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284776     84.29%     84.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20633      1.35%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          187      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139740      9.17%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        78913      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1524249                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.532070                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008740                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5736917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817919                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1481776                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1537571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32654                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43770                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          5082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601225                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        79241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          605                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        27717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1495635                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       136944                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             215837                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         210771                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            78893                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1481792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1481776                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          887748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2385637                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.517244                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1095058                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1349449                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        24208                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2629519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.513192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.329999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2057536     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       290332     11.04%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105426      4.01%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52221      1.99%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47573      1.81%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20179      0.77%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20047      0.76%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9507      0.36%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26698      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2629519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1095058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1349449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               200130                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              122328                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               188                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           195539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1215030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        27880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26698                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4204048                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3246231                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 34462                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                191464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1095058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1349449                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1095058                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.616074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.616074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.382252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.382252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6726749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2073125                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1525992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2864648                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         164319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       134086                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17686                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62282                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16272                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1589952                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               971911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            164319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        78554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              199184                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         55789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       146752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines           99581                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17650                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.953237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1774174     89.91%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10429      0.53%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16627      0.84%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          25063      1.27%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          10513      0.53%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          12039      0.61%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          13035      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9271      0.47%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         102207      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      1973358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.057361                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.339278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1568777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       168563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          197596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1248                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        26536                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1178107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1572994                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         59396                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        96010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          194711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        13065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1175137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          969                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1608031                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5477312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5477312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1316387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         291564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          253                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           37696                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       119299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        65599                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        12625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1170869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183662                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1507712     76.40%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189588      9.61%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104461      5.29%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68714      3.48%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        62107      3.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18973      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13909      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4775      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3119      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1973358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           299     11.54%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1098     42.39%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1193     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897403     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20016      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107986      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64251      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.380422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2590                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002377                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4157401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1354844                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5108                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26062                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          868                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         44332                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1549                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1171122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       119299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65599                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          837                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11009                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102222                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             166343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         145527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            64121                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.374810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1069660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1069571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          633347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1607404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.373369                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       788864                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       962070                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        17978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1545932     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       185947      9.60%     89.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77162      3.99%     93.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39441      2.04%     95.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29454      1.52%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16960      0.88%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10407      0.54%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8638      0.45%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22244      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1936185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       788864                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       962070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               154249                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               93227                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           133587                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          869864                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        18786                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3085845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2381075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 28775                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                891290                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              962070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       788864                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.631359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.631359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.275379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.275379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4873691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1461851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1115884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2862189                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         164365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       133967                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        17583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        67234                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62389                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16330                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1587753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               970945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            164365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        78719                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              198998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         55231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       143528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines           99367                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17581                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      1967289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1768291     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          10442      0.53%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          16624      0.85%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          25025      1.27%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10507      0.53%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          12212      0.62%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          12981      0.66%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9030      0.46%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         102177      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      1967289                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.057426                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.339232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1567067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       164891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          197332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1284                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        36714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        26684                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1176427                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        36714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1571204                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         60711                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        90904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          194530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        13217                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1173413                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1113                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1605719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5468456                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5468456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1316686                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         288820                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          250                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           37707                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       118926                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        65521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        12612                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1169265                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1089558                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182278                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       421262                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1967289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.553837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1501351     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189709      9.64%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       104902      5.33%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        68714      3.49%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        61931      3.15%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18925      0.96%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13843      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4816      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3098      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1967289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           319     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1099     41.88%     54.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1206     45.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       897505     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20026      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          120      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       107709      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64198      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1089558                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.380673                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2624                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002408                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4151017                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1351857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1069258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1092182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4464                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          854                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        36714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         47919                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1552                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1169515                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       118926                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9335                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11061                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1073296                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       102045                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             166121                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         145791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            64076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.374991                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1069343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1069258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          633422                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1606379                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.373581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394317                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       789125                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       962340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       207772                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          240                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        17879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1930575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1540223     79.78%     79.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186082      9.64%     89.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77213      4.00%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39435      2.04%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29377      1.52%     96.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        16807      0.87%     97.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10478      0.54%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8564      0.44%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22396      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1930575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       789125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       962340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               154318                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads               93266                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           133599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          870127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        18788                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        22396                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3078291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2377135                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 28721                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                894900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              962340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       789125                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.627041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.627041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.275707                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.275707                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4871356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1461617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1114782                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          240                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2864753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         194807                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11990                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2038727                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1220088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            194807                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        77998                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              240454                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         38370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       289290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          118733                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2597516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2357062     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           8426      0.32%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          17729      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7199      0.28%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          39087      1.50%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          35270      1.36%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           6628      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          14289      0.55%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111826      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2597516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068001                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.425896                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2023860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       307612                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          239374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          810                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        25856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        17315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          230                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1428967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1416                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        25856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2027091                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        270943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        27379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          237127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1426701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3274                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          183                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1682988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6711150                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6711150                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1453065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         229917                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts           94                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23503                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       333140                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       167335                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8260                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1421562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1354259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325043                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2597516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.312486                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2112144     81.31%     81.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       147449      5.68%     86.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119625      4.61%     91.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        52285      2.01%     93.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65281      2.51%     96.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61153      2.35%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34974      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2868      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1737      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2597516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3354     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        25844     86.22%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          777      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       853269     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11798      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       322602     23.82%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       166510     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1354259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.472732                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29975                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022134                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5337264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1554699                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1340606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1384234                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2522                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16900                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1994                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        25856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        265047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2327                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1421744                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       333140                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       167335                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           94                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1468                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6130                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7574                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        13704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1343444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       321305                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             487760                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         175955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           166455                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.468956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1340762                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1340606                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          725371                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1433367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.467966                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.506061                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1078451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267234                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          165                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        12007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2571660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2110139     82.05%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       169948      6.61%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78982      3.07%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77902      3.03%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        21317      0.83%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89280      3.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6925      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4938      0.19%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12229      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2571660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1078451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1267234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               481573                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              316237                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           167462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1126754                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        12272                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        12229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3981325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2869691                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 45404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                267237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1078451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1267234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1078451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.656359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.656359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.376455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.376455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6632455                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1562360                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1692936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.847192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.946559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.137669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   101.198080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1829.564884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.011298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.049413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.893342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      208881853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     42769029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    166112824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     208881853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1782042.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 928004.603352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028974.645320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     40661829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    150393446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191055275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.849162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941158.990148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.849162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941158.990148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1694242.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840186.849162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 941158.990148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.697839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.220577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.627527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   113.531742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1876.317993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.012025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.055435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.916171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     249591041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      249591041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61926734                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    187664307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     249591041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2293582.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885208.995283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1044313.979079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169046973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228602408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169046973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228602408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59555435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    169046973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228602408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205756.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797391.382075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956495.430962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205756.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797391.382075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956495.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2205756.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797391.382075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956495.430962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          203                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.855048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         136049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.439360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          92.933551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    23.136906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.728646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1829.055946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.045378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.049672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.893094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   399                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 203                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43556013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    158247892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     201803905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43556013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    158247892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      201803905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43556013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    158247892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     201803905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1814833.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 884066.435754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994107.906404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1814833.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 884066.435754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994107.906404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1814833.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 884066.435754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994107.906404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                109                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     109                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41448813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    142531692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183980505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41448813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    142531692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    183980505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     41448813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    142531692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    183980505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.310225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1727033.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 796266.435754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906307.906404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1727033.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 796266.435754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906307.906404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1727033.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 796266.435754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906307.906404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.774361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    50.614931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1943.831727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.005261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.024714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.949137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9100317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87502755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      96603072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9100317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87502755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total       96603072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9100317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     87502755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total      96603072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 827301.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841372.644231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840026.713043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 827301.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841372.644231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 840026.713043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 827301.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 841372.644231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 840026.713043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8133812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78368256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86502068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8133812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78368256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86502068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8133812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     78368256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86502068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 739437.454545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753540.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752191.895652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 739437.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753540.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752191.895652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 739437.454545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 753540.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 752191.895652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          159                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.664624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         119213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        54.089383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.664624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.949026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.077498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1939.973476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.947253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   288                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 159                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110806224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     170687166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110806224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      170687166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     59880942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    110806224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     170687166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839441.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1073504.188679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839441.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1073504.188679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2217812.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 839441.090909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1073504.188679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57509343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156725134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57509343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156725134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     57509343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     99215791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156725134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.317308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2129975.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751634.780303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985692.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2129975.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751634.780303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985692.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2129975.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751634.780303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 985692.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          557                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2044.257069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          87078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        33.452939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks         129.566469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.877023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   243.618724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1658.194853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.118954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.809665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.998172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 402                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   356                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 557                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14432908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    517470014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     531902922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43971169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43971169                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14432908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    561441183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      575874091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14432908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    561441183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     575874091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             402                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.584112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1110223.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1034940.028000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1036847.801170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 999344.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 999344.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1110223.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1032060.998162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1033885.262118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1110223.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1032060.998162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1033885.262118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                305                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     305                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13291508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    473570014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486861522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     40107969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40107969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13291508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    513677983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    526969491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13291508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    513677983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    526969491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.584112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.604444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1022423.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 947140.028000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 949047.801170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 911544.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911544.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1022423.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944260.998162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946085.262118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1022423.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944260.998162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 946085.262118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          369                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.952806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         113824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        47.093091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.520341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.908121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   188.731980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1831.792365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.092154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.894430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   466                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          340                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 369                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69717100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    334207476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     403924576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69717100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    334207476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      403924576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     69717100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    334207476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     403924576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2404037.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 982963.164706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1094646.547425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2404037.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 982963.164706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1094646.547425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2404037.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 982963.164706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1094646.547425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67170900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    304345008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371515908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67170900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    304345008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    371515908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67170900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    304345008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371515908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2316237.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 895132.376471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006818.178862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2316237.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 895132.376471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006818.178862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2316237.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 895132.376471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1006818.178862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         132605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        61.249423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.777086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.768297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    50.683425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1943.771192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.005258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.024748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.949107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          290                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   290                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11821952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87181896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      99003848                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11821952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87181896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total       99003848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11821952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     87181896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total      99003848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1074722.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 838287.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860903.026087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1074722.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 838287.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860903.026087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1074722.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 838287.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860903.026087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10856152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78048052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88904204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10856152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78048052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88904204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10856152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78048052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88904204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.263959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 986922.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 750462.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773080.034783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 986922.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 750462.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773080.034783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 986922.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 750462.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773080.034783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          369                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.950080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         113827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        47.094332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.523421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.876088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   188.308019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1832.242551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.011170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.091947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.894650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   469                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 369                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     406423282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      406423282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64611929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    341811353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     406423282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.422360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005327.508824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1101418.108401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005327.508824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1101418.108401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2227997.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1005327.508824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1101418.108401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311957638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311957638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62065729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    311957638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    374023367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.422360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.420792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917522.464706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013613.460705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917522.464706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013613.460705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2140197.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 917522.464706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013613.460705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.689229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          52166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.819773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.217078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.822652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   112.483324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1879.166174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.011144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.054923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.917562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          357                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   358                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      262875791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62463466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200412325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     262875791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2498538.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 940902.934272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1104520.130252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60257966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    181602402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241860368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.375661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.436620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.033613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.033613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2410318.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 852593.436620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1016220.033613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          238                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.714225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          52162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        22.818023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.242785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.239525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   113.635377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1876.596537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.011836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.055486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.916307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  52                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          354                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   355                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 238                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48138336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    180694044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     228832380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48138336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    180694044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      228832380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48138336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    180694044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     228832380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              52                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.403390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.401349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.401349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782901.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856369.876777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961480.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782901.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856369.876777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961480.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1782901.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 856369.876777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961480.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45767736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    162168244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207935980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45767736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    162168244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207935980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     45767736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    162168244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207935980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.373451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1695101.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 768569.876777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873680.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1695101.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 768569.876777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873680.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1695101.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 768569.876777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873680.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          239                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.693565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          52167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        22.810232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.211262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.602792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   113.070862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1876.808650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.055210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.916410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks             53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                  53                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 239                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65606257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189306096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254912353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65606257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189306096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      254912353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65606257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    189306096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     254912353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total              53                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.401681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.399666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.399666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2429861.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892953.283019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1066578.882845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2429861.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892953.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066578.882845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2429861.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 892953.283019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066578.882845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      35                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63233906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170687905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233921811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63233906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170687905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233921811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63233906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    170687905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233921811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.373898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.371930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2341996.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 805131.627358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978752.347280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2341996.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 805131.627358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978752.347280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2341996.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 805131.627358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978752.347280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          117                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         132606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        61.249885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.778377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.771344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    50.842184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1943.608095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.024825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.949027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  93                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          291                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 115                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11296776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83704052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      95000828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11296776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83704052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total       95000828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11296776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83704052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total      95000828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              93                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.283251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.283251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1026979.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804846.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826094.156522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1026979.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804846.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826094.156522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1026979.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804846.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826094.156522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 49                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      49                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10330976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74572348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84903324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10330976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74572348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84903324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     10330976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     74572348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84903324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.263291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 939179.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 717041.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738289.773913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 939179.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 717041.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738289.773913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 939179.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 717041.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738289.773913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          552                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2044.229149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          87068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        33.513472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.045401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.895258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   239.390398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1658.898092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.064964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.116890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.810009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.998159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   352                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 551                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    499841537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     509153195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42623563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      551776758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9311658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    542465100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     551776758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.610188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.610188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1011824.973684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004246.932939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968717.340909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 716281.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1008299.442379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1001409.724138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     299                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    456458454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464628367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38760363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8169913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    495218817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503388730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.583924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.604494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.610188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 924004.967611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916426.759369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880917.340909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920481.072491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913591.161525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 628454.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920481.072491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 913591.161525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          544                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2044.212974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          87073                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        33.631904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.588639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.889370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.199655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1663.535309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.114355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.812273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          353                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   353                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 545                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11618659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    496534450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     508153109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43021992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     43021992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11618659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    539556442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      551175101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11618659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    539556442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     551175101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.581257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.587617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.606904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.606904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       893743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1013335.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1010244.749503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1024333.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1024333.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       893743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1014203.838346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011330.460550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       893743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1014203.838346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011330.460550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                293                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     293                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10476260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    453683059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464159319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     39332783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39332783                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10476260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    493015842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    503492102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10476260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    493015842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    503492102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.581257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.601130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 805866.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925883.793878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922781.946322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 936494.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 936494.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 805866.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 926721.507519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923838.719266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 805866.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 926721.507519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923838.719266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          368                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.950085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         113835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        47.117136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.524198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.905036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   188.039169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1832.481682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.091816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.894766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 141                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   476                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 368                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66349732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    329820124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     396169856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66349732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    329820124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      396169856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66349732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    329820124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     396169856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             141                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.437574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.436019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.436019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2287921.793103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972920.719764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1076548.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2287921.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972920.719764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1076548.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2287921.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 972920.719764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1076548.521739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 70                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      70                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63803221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    300050592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363853813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63803221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    300050592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363853813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63803221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    300050592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363853813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.418002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.416462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2200111.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885104.991150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988733.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2200111.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885104.991150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988733.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2200111.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 885104.991150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988733.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.095151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750133223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1479552.708087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    24.095151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.038614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         125261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        125261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72324019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       125299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       125299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1903263.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43033904                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721356.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              118203531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             141900.997599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   182.362257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    73.637743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.712353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.287647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         159430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        159430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    764181913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31295182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795477095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000894                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 393097.691872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 481464.338462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 395956.742160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193529094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    193721394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337158.700348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335738.984402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              550.626587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              646509660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1166984.945848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.511460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.115127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.040884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         126099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       126099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        126099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     85455462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85455462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       126135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       126135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       126135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2373762.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62216999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62216999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2222035.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151269893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             183135.463680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   152.456626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   103.543374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.595534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.404466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       188316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        188316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       220127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         220127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       220127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        220127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    977071472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    977071472                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       941184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    978012656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    978012656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    978012656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    978012656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       190304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       190304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       222126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       222126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       222126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       222126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 491484.643863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491484.643863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 85562.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85562.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489250.953477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212789528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212789528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212981828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212981828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    212981828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212981828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 375290.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 375290.172840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 373652.329825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              506.094336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750133667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1479553.583826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.094336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.038613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71102290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71102290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71102290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71102290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     71102290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71102290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       125746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       125746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734202.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1734202.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734202.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1734202.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734202.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1734202.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43820804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43820804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43820804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43820804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43820804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43820804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1752832.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752832.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1752832.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752832.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1752832.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1752832.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              118204105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             141901.686675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   182.674438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    73.325562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.713572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.286428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        87113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        72891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72891                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       160004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         160004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       160004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        160004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    768981853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    768981853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     31014354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31014354                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    799996207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    799996207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    799996207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    799996207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        89057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        89057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        72956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       162013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       162013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000891                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 395566.796811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 395566.796811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 477143.907692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 477143.907692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 398206.175709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 398206.175709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 398206.175709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 398206.175709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1432                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185666774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185666774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185859074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    185859074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185859074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    185859074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 323461.278746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323461.278746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 322112.779896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322112.779896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 322112.779896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322112.779896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              465.773549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              753010326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1615901.987124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    10.773549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.017265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       134074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       134074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         134074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       134074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        134074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10836409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10836409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10836409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10836409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10836409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10836409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       134089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       134089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       134089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       134089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       134089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 722427.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722427.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 722427.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 722427.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 722427.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 722427.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9195017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9195017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9195017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9195017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9195017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9195017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 835910.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835910.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 835910.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835910.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 835910.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835910.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              109344320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             168222.030769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   133.288796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   122.711204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.520659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.479341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       104878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        77180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       182058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         182058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       182058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        182058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251875412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    251875412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251875412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251875412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    251875412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251875412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       105894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       183074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       183074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247908.870079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 247908.870079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247908.870079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 247908.870079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 247908.870079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 247908.870079                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107250723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107250723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107250723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107250723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107250723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107250723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 272209.956853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272209.956853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 272209.956853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272209.956853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 272209.956853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 272209.956853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              490.058764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              749565613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1490190.085487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.058764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.024133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         131670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        131670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     87770644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87770644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       131718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       131718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1828555.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     60169527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60169527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2148911.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  419                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              113243811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             167768.608889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   141.973979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   114.026021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.554586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.445414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         163927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        163927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    449801885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449801885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1163094                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    450964979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    450964979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    450964979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    450964979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 339473.120755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339473.120755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83078.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336792.366692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336792.366692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336792.366692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336792.366692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130431490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130431490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130623790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130623790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    130623790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130623790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 313537.235577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313537.235577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311751.288783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311751.288783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 311751.288783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311751.288783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              502.555447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753292074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1497598.556660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.555447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.020121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       100230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        100230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       100230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         100230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       100230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        100230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15952078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15952078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15952078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15952078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       100244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       100244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       100244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       100244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       100244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139434.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1139434.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1139434.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14540948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14540948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14540948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14540948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     14540948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14540948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1118534.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118534.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118534.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125502772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             108566.411765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   186.326657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    69.673343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.727839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.272161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        75466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        61016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        61016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         136482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       136482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        136482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1349587993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1349587993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    347467254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    347467254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1697055247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1697055247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1697055247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1697055247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        77602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        61396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        61396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       138998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       138998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       138998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       138998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.027525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.018101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 631829.584738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631829.584738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 914387.510526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 914387.510526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 674505.265103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    545484016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545484016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     44336369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44336369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    589820385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    589820385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    589820385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    589820385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 637247.682243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637247.682243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1007644.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007644.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 655355.983333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              565.297453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              768701750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1341538.830716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    23.518776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.778677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.037690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         118418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       118418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        118418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98714035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98714035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98714035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98714035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98714035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98714035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       118470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       118470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       118470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1898346.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1898346.826923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1898346.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1898346.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1898346.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1898346.826923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1216334                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       608167                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70023868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70023868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70023868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70023868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70023868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70023868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334128.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2334128.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334128.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2334128.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2334128.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2334128.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              289285594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             272653.717248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   110.531037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   145.468963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.431762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.568238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       302448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        302448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       164831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       467279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         467279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       467279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        467279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1441646076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1441646076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       767794                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       767794                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1442413870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1442413870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1442413870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1442413870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       305362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       164841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164841                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       470203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       470203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       470203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       470203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494730.980096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494730.980096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 76779.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76779.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 493301.597127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493301.597127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 493301.597127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493301.597127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    368542897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368542897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       204188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    368747085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368747085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    368747085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368747085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 459529.796758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 459529.796758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 68062.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68062.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 458070.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458070.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 458070.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458070.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              465.767488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753010377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1615902.096567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    10.767488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.017256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         134125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       134125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        134125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16097404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16097404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16097404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16097404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16097404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16097404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       134142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       134142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       134142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 946906.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946906.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 946906.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946906.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 946906.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946906.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11913252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11913252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11913252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11913252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     11913252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11913252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1083022.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1083022.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1083022.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1083022.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1083022.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1083022.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  394                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              109344375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             168222.115385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   133.357066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   122.642934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.520926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.479074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       104899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        104899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        77214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       182113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         182113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       182113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        182113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1016                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    254374379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    254374379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    254374379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    254374379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    254374379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254374379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       105915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        77214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77214                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       183129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       183129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 250368.483268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 250368.483268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 250368.483268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 250368.483268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 250368.483268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 250368.483268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106931934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106931934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106931934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106931934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    106931934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106931934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 271400.847716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271400.847716                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 271400.847716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271400.847716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 271400.847716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 271400.847716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              565.267637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              768701110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1341537.713787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    23.484564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.783073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.037636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         117778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       117778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        117778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91203827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91203827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       117825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       117825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       117825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1940506.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1225810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       612905                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64918949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64918949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2163964.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              289284770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1064                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             271884.182331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.371346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.628654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.431138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.568862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       301981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        301981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       164474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       164474                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       466455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         466455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       466455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        466455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1494360989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1494360989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3901946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3901946                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498262935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1498262935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498262935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1498262935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       304915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       304915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       164489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       469404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       469404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       469404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       469404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 509325.490457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 509325.490457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 260129.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 260129.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 508057.963717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 508057.963717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 508057.963717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 508057.963717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376378950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376378950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376571250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376571250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    376571250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376571250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 467551.490683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467551.490683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 466053.527228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466053.527228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 466053.527228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466053.527228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.822374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              646508388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1171210.847826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    23.705914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.116460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.037990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         124827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        124827                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87268617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       124862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       124862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2493389.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62736965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2412960.192308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151267250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             183132.263923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   151.806084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   104.193916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.592993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.407007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        185675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         217484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        217484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033263389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940473                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1034203862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       219505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       219505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514061.387562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85497.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 511728.778822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225482271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225674571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 397675.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 395920.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              550.238814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              646510329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1166986.153430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.123385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.115430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.040262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         126768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       126768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        126768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53407679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53407679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53407679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53407679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53407679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53407679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       126805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       126805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       126805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1443450.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1443450.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1443450.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48428301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48428301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48428301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48428301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     48428301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48428301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1729582.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729582.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1729582.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  565                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              151271434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             184252.660171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   151.544448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   104.455552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.591970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.408030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       189853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        189853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         221668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        221668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2017                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    927497853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    927497853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       936491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       936491                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    928434344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    928434344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    928434344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    928434344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       191859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31826                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       223685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       223685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       223685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 462361.840977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462361.840977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85135.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85135.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460304.583044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              52                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205533544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205533544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205725844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205725844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205725844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205725844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 365718.049822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 365718.049822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364116.538053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.601837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              646509383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1166984.445848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.486894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.114943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.040844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         125822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       125822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        125822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89133006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89133006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89133006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89133006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     89133006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89133006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       125858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       125858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       125858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2475916.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2475916.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2475916.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2475916.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2475916.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2475916.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65906936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65906936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65906936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65906936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     65906936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65906936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2353819.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2353819.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2353819.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2353819.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2353819.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2353819.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              151269324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             183134.774818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   152.158954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   103.841046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.594371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.405629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       187747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        187747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31811                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         219558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        219558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           11                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    975931407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    975931407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       940642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976872049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    976872049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    976872049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    976872049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       189734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       189734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31822                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 491158.232008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491158.232008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85512.909091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488924.949449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488924.949449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 488924.949449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488924.949449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              53                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214422762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214422762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214615062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214615062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    214615062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214615062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 378170.656085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378170.656085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376517.652632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376517.652632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 376517.652632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 376517.652632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              465.770536                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              753010734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1615902.862661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    10.770536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.017260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.746427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       134482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       134482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         134482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       134482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        134482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13767202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13767202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13767202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13767202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13767202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13767202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       134498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       134498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       134498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       134498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       134498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 860450.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860450.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 860450.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11388076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11388076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11388076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11388076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11388076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11388076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1035279.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035279.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035279.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  395                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              109344872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  651                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             167964.473118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   133.583343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   122.416657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.521810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.478190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       105183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        105183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        77427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        77427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       182610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         182610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       182610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        182610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1020                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245693689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245693689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245693689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245693689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    245693689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245693689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       106203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        77427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       183630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       183630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 240876.165686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 240876.165686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 240876.165686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 240876.165686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 240876.165686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 240876.165686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              93                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          625                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103516076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103516076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103516076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103516076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103516076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103516076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 262066.015190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262066.015190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 262066.015190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262066.015190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 262066.015190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262066.015190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              502.550659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753291411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1497597.238569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.550659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.020113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total          99567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total         99567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10191091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total        99581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total        99581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 727935.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9419782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724598.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125501691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             109512.819372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.068273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    70.931727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.722923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.277077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         75075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         135404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        135404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          373                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1289466486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    359291718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1648758204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610832.063477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963248.573727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 663751.289855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1594                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527561280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42988763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570550043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623594.893617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977017.340909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641067.464045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              502.547889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              753291197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1497596.813121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.547889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.805365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        99353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         99353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        99353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total          99353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst        99353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total         99353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12513644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12513644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12513644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12513644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12513644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12513644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        99367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        99367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total        99367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst        99367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total        99367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 893831.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893831.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 893831.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893831.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 893831.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893831.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11726731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11726731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11726731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11726731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11726731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11726731                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902056.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902056.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902056.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902056.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 902056.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902056.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125501340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             110185.548727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   184.888415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    71.111585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.722220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.277780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        74703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         74703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        60351                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         135054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        135054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1271405481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1271405481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    383638758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    383638758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1655044239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1655044239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1655044239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655044239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       137519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       137519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       137519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       137519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.027140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 610079.405470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610079.405470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1006925.874016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1006925.874016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 671417.541176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 671417.541176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 671417.541176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 671417.541176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    524256204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524256204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     43370592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43370592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    567626796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    567626796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    567626796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    567626796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 621893.480427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 621893.480427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1032633.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032633.142857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 641386.210169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641386.210169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 641386.210169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 641386.210169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              565.294692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              768702019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1341539.300175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.515411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   541.779281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.037685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.905921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        118687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         118687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       118687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        118687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92095617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92095617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92095617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92095617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     92095617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92095617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       118731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       118731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       118731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       118731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2093082.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2093082.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2093082.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2093082.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2093082.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2093082.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1247365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 623682.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66656981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66656981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66656981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66656981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     66656981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66656981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2221899.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2221899.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2221899.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2221899.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2221899.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2221899.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              289286502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             270361.216822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   110.468493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   145.531507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.431518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.568482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       303030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        303030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       165156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       165156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       468186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         468186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       468186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        468186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420155432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1420155432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       682474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       682474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420837906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1420837906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1420837906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1420837906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       305945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       305945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       165165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       165165                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       471110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       471110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       471110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       471110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 487188.827444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487188.827444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75830.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75830.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 485922.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485922.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 485922.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485922.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2110                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    364869283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364869283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    365061583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    365061583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    365061583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    365061583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449900.472256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449900.472256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448478.603194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448478.603194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 448478.603194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448478.603194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
