
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 376888                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   482824                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 293731                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42124.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15876040817                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20338515845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       455040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       455040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       269312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       453248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       253824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       270080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       427136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       269184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       429696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       270208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4829952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1153920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1153920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         3337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 37734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     36776430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     36776430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20586525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36631600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20514110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       331040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21827923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     34521223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21755508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       331040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21838268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               390357752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       331040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       310350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       331040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5689743                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          93260061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               93260061                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          93260061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     36776430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     36776430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20586525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36631600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20514110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       331040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21827923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     34521223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       310350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21755508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     34728122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       331040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21838268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              483617813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2034574                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1835144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       769277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         726171                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4732                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21565400                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12781477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2034574                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       837970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2528103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        342057                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2744482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1238839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27070536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24542433     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          90334      0.33%     90.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         184396      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          78105      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         419907      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         374782      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          72011      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         151169      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1157399      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27070536                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068569                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21352851                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2959996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2518682                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         8043                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       230961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       179153                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14986850                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       230961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       21380792                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2742724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       121423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2501630                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        93003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14977895                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        47421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          937                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     17589979                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     70533709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     70533709                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15564587                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2025386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          217519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3530476                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1783964                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        85825                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14947257                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1751                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14351239                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8586                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1181443                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2854891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27070536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.530142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.321139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21918380     80.97%     80.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1571366      5.80%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274249      4.71%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       549435      2.03%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686999      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651856      2.41%     98.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370409      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29396      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18446      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27070536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36310     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275914     86.15%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8036      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9006422     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125493      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          858      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3439175     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1779291     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14351239                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.483666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320260                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022316                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56101860                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16130858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14227832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14671499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26203                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141806                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12221                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       230961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2673036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14949026                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3530476                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1783964                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62057                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       126361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14251188                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3428067                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            5207163                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1867359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1779096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.480294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14228298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14227832                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7687430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        15182917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.479507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11550527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13573818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1376845                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       110321                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26839575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21898747     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1818066      6.77%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847177      3.16%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832668      3.10%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230537      0.86%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       953317      3.55%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72485      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52873      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133705      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26839575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11550527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13573818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              5160405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3388667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1792383                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12070565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       131496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       133705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           41656494                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          30132330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                464910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               2601269                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11550527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13573818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11550527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.568870                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.568870                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       70443665                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16526010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      17834412                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2031135                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1832828                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       761180                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4762                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21536897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12762916                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2031135                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       835689                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2524136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        341656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2792039                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1237229                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27084352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24560216     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          90067      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         184504      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          77807      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         418677      1.55%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         374521      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          71296      0.26%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         150791      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1156473      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27084352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.430136                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21319337                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      3011657                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2514668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         8080                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       230607                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       178075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14965430                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       230607                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21347844                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2793637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       121261                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2497230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        93770                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14956120                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           68                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        47462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        31268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          925                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     17565589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     70433678                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     70433678                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15538795                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2026788                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          220531                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3526836                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1781782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16520                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        86543                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14923867                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14327905                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1179281                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2853975                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27084352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529010                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21939879     81.01%     81.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1569239      5.79%     86.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1272720      4.70%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       548042      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       686652      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650390      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369881      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29136      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18413      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27084352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36084     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275564     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8030      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8989695     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125170      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3435134     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1777050     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14327905                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.482879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319678                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56068050                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16105296                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14204775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14647583                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26109                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          400                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       230607                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2722861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26972                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14925631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3526836                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1781782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16642                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          400                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64424                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       126467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3424267                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            5201108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1864221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1776841                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.479502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14205249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14204775                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7676369                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        15156557                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.478730                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506472                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11533657                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13553596                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1373624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       110281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26853745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21920094     81.63%     81.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1815078      6.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846397      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       831176      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230388      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952103      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72499      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52945      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133065      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26853745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11533657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13553596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              5155232                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3385338                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1789578                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12052474                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       133065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           41647861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30085077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                464281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2587453                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11533657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13553596                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11533657                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.572628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.572628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.388708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.388708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       70333375                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16498642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      17810552                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2019876                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808476                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1364883                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333664                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4808                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21445527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11485771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2019876                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1451501                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2560055                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        539015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       913755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1299603                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       160054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25294109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22734054     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         394097      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         193898      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         390879      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         120582      0.48%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         363111      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          55979      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          90087      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         951422      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25294109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.387094                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21261661                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1102914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2554805                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2024                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       185590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2046                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12806887                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4831                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21283121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        752083                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       283714                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2533149                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        69337                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12786513                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        52417                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16712858                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     57892678                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     57892678                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13482572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3230255                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          164343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348549                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       364557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        81151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12720171                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11889158                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2350485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4835938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25294109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20084129     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1617800      6.40%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1769928      7.00%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013536      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520049      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130874      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151178      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3660      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2955      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25294109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19461     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8117     23.78%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6558     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9297115     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90571      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          822      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139713     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360937      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11889158                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.400689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49114754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15072377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11581923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11923294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490194                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        676293                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12721870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348549                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       172718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11740155                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109438                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148999                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2470304                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1787215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           360866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.395667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11584977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11581923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7015000                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15134496                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.390334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463511                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9225325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     10354072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2368326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       162194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24921408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415469                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21082233     84.59%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1496804      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971544      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305280      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513014      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97741      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62350      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56057      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336385      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24921408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9225325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     10354072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2213529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1858355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1591230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9039420                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       126477                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       336385                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37307382                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25817801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                485674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4377696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            10354072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.216343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.216343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.310912                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.310912                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       54627740                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15055077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13658838                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29670213                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2183132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1791253                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901935                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         851766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         222873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20824362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12402041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2183132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1074639                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2725508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        612812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1946213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1284495                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25889381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23163873     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         292654      1.13%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         340691      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         188264      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         218368      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         119093      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          81859      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         211811      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1272768      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25889381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073580                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.417996                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20657912                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2116420                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2703443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20548                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       391056                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       353215                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2236                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15135234                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11446                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       391056                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20689599                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        710460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1314742                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2693041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        90481                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15125135                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        23922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        41558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21018437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70412927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70412927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17912710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3105668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3861                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          245893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       785005                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20621                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       173301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15097886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3864                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14254223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1904676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4426617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25889381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19880913     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2418962      9.34%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1296125      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899990      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       785673      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401994      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96114      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        63185      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46425      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25889381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3664     11.94%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13193     42.99%     54.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13834     45.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11932645     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222609      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1744      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1318162      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779063      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14254223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.480422                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30691                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54448493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17006594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14016860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14284914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35884                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258996                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16791                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          871                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          557                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       391056                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        664009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15566                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15101776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785005                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124767                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121367                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14043713                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1238260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2017089                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1965025                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           778829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.473327                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14017209                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14016860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8332465                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21824327                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.472422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381797                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10519537                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12906501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2195480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3514                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       216614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25498325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20223524     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2447495      9.60%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1024825      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       614701      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427387      1.68%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275447      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143129      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114840      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       226977      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25498325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10519537                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12906501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1955344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1187149                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1847194                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11635801                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       262660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       226977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           40373264                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30595112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                320598                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3780832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12906501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10519537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.820487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.820487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.354549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.354549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63346635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19455566                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14126119                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3510                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2032906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1833994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776610                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         724950                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4728                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21548615                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12773260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2032906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       836721                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2526213                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        342643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2778405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1238006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     27084807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.553339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.856521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       24558594     90.67%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          90339      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         184783      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          77608      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         418958      1.55%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         374336      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          71915      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         150852      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1157422      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     27084807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21328717                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2999971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2516787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         8001                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       231328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178659                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14977340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       231328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       21357040                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2771407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       132022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2499476                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        93531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14968173                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           82                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        48052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        31166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          494                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     17579375                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     70488933                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     70488933                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15548858                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2030506                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          220001                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3529534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1782961                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16601                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        86933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14936651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14339437                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8708                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1183959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2861099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27084807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21936104     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1571048      5.80%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1273501      4.70%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       548120      2.02%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       687226      2.54%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       651150      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369695      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29501      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18462      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27084807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36298     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275596     86.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8077      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8997410     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125215      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          857      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3437798     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1778157     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14339437                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.483268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319971                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022314                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56092359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16122772                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14215784                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14659408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142349                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12074                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1262                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       231328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2699846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27627                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14938423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3529534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1782961                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          890                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17158                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       126731                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14239137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3426665                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5204633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1865431                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1777968                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.479888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14216270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14215784                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7681903                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15170747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.479101                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506363                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11540797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13561929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1378183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       110537                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26853479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21916814     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1816420      6.76%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846757      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       831943      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       230527      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952137      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72444      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52787      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133650      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26853479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11540797                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13561929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5158072                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3387185                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1790647                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12059905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       131266                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       133650                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           41659902                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30111582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                464197                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2586998                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11540797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13561929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11540797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.571036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.571036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388948                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388948                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       70388729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16511815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      17823920                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2572620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2142144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235577                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         938376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10949                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22378276                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             14115500                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2572620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1215131                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2940617                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        657298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2040107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1391408                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27783082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987601                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24842465     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         179925      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         225206      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         362034      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         151922      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         194946      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         227508      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         105317      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1493759      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27783082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475721                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22251230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2184512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2926608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       391199                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     17255685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22274250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         71509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2049608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2905005                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        63410                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     17149263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        44128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     23949971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     79746322                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     79746322                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     20006907                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3943049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          222907                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       839322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9275                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       189731                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16743525                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4128                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        16052473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2054355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4196564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27783082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20983848     75.53%     75.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3098982     11.15%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1267724      4.56%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       711679      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962753      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297780      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291491      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156452      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12373      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27783082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110644     78.94%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15180     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14343     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13522273     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219401      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1984      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472215      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836600      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     16052473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140167                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60045121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18802113                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15631880                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     16192640                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11746                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12897                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       419292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         54784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16747659                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2130                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6033                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132724                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       271542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15771480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280993                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2283480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2228963                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           836469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.531531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             15631970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            15631880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         9366184                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        25167480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.526826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372154                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11639464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     14342492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2405221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       237362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27363789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21292734     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3076729     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117589      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556104      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509366      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213816      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211597      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100685      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285169      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27363789                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11639464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     14342492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2126724                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1300299                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          2078711                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12913094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       296177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       285169                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43826255                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          33914746                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                341542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1888723                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            14342492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11639464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.549242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.549242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.392274                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.392274                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       70961037                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      21844175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15955529                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2185299                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792560                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215967                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       903329                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853207                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20863201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12415083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2185299                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1076405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2729456                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        612488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1991618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1286726                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214568                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25977106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23247650     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         293719      1.13%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         341411      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         188560      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         218542      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         119307      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          81474      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         211910      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1274533      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25977106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073649                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20696575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2161940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2707458                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        20545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       390586                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       354010                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15153057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11511                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       390586                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20728168                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        663195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1408010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2697382                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        89763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15143253                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        23603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        41377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21044477                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70502267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70502267                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17949454                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3095023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3887                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          243414                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447584                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       786761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20538                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       173541                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15117847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14279109                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1897516                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4405056                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          369                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25977106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549681                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19957853     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2422839      9.33%     86.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299047      5.00%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       902074      3.47%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786823      3.03%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402395      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96468      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62977      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46630      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25977106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3649     11.83%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13286     43.08%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13904     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11953513     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223060      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319994      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780794      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14279109                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.481235                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30839                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54586104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17019421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14041769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14309948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258015                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16978                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          332                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       390586                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        613404                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15121765                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447584                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10636                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124924                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121400                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       246324                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14068173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1239998                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2020540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1968821                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           780542                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14042095                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14041769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8346611                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21861573                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473236                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10541112                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12932929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2189108                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       216982                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25586520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20301239     79.34%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2452216      9.58%     88.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026939      4.01%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615923      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428311      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275774      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143438      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115116      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227564      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25586520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10541112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12932929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1959352                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1189569                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1850961                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11659616                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       263188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       227564                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           40480928                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30634680                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                321262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3694699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10541112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12932929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10541112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.814865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.814865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355257                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355257                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63457573                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19490035                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14142488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2575106                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2144257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235537                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939558                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276512                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10922                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22399587                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             14127408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2575106                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1216070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2943600                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        656775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2011886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1392477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     27781807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       24838207     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         180016      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         227253      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         362395      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         151438      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         194765      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         227321      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         104819      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1495593      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     27781807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086786                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22275317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2156676                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2929534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1479                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       391517                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     17268435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22298560                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         72164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2020837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2907710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        63728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     17160939                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        44302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     23968267                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     79798152                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     79798152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     20027646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3940613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         4134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          224567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608491                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       839894                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       190106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         16753980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4147                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        16062429                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16869                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2049601                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4190623                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27781807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976070     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103411     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268840      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       713030      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       961999      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297913      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291582      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156501      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12461      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27781807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110931     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15129     10.77%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14362     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13531581     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219572      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1986      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472166      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837124      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     16062429                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541336                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140422                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60063948                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18807834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15643905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     16202851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12068                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12594                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       418800                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         55131                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16758132                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608491                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839894                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       271680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15782721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447662                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2284665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2231143                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           837003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.531910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             15643997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            15643905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         9372494                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        25182537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527231                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372182                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11651519                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14357386                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2400771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       237336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27363007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21285547     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3079790     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118815      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       557031      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509867      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213886      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211825      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100943      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285303      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27363007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11651519                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14357386                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2128957                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1301666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          2080877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12926533                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       296500                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       285303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           43835783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          33935147                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                341821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1889998                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11651519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14357386                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11651519                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.546604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.546604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.392680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.392680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       71012532                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      21860764                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15969115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2017783                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1806664                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1367319                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4726                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21429640                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11477795                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2017783                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1450894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2558086                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        537257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       937708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          711                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1298189                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159404                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25299786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.506786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.738436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22741700     89.89%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         393838      1.56%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         193265      0.76%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         390443      1.54%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         120535      0.48%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         363436      1.44%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          55986      0.22%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          90024      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         950559      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25299786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068003                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.386825                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       21247250                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1126093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2552849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       371563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       185081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2052                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12798207                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       371563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       21268666                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        745375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       313610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2531210                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        69358                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12777880                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        52340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16699088                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     57853181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     57853181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     13478366                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3220705                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          849                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          164380                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2347565                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       364624                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3157                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        81026                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12710816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11882891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2344150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4821081                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25299786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.469683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20092628     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616641      6.39%     85.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1769016      6.99%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013613      4.01%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       518999      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131453      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       150854      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3662      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2920      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25299786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19311     56.86%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8095     23.84%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6556     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9290796     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90586      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          822      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139745     18.01%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360942      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11882891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.400478                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49107431                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15056685                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11576261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11916853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8998                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       489475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       371563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        669779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8630                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12712505                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1136                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2347565                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364624                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109725                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62290                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       172015                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11734336                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109278                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148555                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2470161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1785764                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           360883                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.395471                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11579545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11576261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7012026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        15127708                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.390143                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463522                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9222922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     10351123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2361905                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       161558                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24928223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21090255     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1495741      6.00%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971613      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305554      1.23%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512883      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97696      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62150      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56066      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336265      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24928223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9222922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     10351123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2213110                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1858090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1590792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         9036791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       126424                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       336265                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37304947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          25797921                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                485395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4372019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9222922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            10351123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9222922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.217181                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.217181                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.310831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.310831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       54603477                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      15046322                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13650945                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2080792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702224                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818734                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213240                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20203385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11812490                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2080792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1031974                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2473790                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        600087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       999092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1244611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     24065924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.943875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21592134     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         133597      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         212027      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         336367      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         139753      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         155673      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         167195      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         108803      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1220375      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     24065924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070127                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.398105                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20010238                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1194168                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2465688                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         6444                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       389383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       340330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14419969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       389383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20041316                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        252738                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       848482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2441567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        92433                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14409323                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         4539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        24950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        33739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7405                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20005813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67026169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67026169                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17030707                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2975106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3745                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2096                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          271928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374089                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       737707                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       168793                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14388916                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3755                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601774                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17653                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845165                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4146831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24065924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18326338     76.15%     76.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2307422      9.59%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257563      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       859646      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802654      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229262      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179924      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61102      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42013      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24065924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3183     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9523     38.08%     50.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12303     49.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394581     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215171      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1647      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257475      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732900      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601774                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25009                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51312134                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16237992                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13381242                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626783                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41033                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250071                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       389383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        167046                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12687                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14392690                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374089                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737707                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2096                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9451                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119974                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       237731                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406764                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182439                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1914997                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1886330                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           732558                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.451835                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13381457                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13381242                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7824904                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20440540                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.450975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10004039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12262038                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2130714                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3323                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       210045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23676541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18696560     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412707     10.19%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939755      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505716      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377501      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211106      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131056      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116317      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285823      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23676541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10004039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12262038                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1838531                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1124018                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1760292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11048849                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       249090                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       285823                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37783405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29174912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                329989                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               5605881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10004039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12262038                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10004039                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.965983                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.965983                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.337156                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.337156                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60456074                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18551579                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13450703                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2574847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2144005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       976456                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276436                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22394918                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             14125183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2574847                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1215603                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2942843                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        657050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2015865                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1392239                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225219                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27780570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24837727     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         180022      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         226759      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         362169      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         151472      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         194890      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         227355      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         104935      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1495241      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27780570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.476047                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       22270445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2160819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2928790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       391521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     17265700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       22293728                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         72284                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      2024850                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2906926                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        63729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     17158049                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        44273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     23963398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     79783343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     79783343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     20020778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3942591                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          224392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1608360                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       839758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9486                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       189925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16750786                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4151                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        16058808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16842                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2051020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4193125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27780570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20976791     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3102234     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268586      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712674      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       962098      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       297642      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291490      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156602      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12453      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27780570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110841     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15144     10.79%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14356     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13528557     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219443      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1986      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1471844      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       836978      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     16058808                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140341                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008739                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60055366                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18806063                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640087                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     16199149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12063                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307135                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       419045                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         55317                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16754943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1608360                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       271699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779010                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447401                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       279795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2284253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2230650                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           836852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.531785                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15640177                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15640087                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9369567                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        25174647                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11647585                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14352489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2402488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4004                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       237368                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27361525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524550                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21286125     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078788     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118511      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556760      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509646      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213781      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211769      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100864      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285281      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27361525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11647585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14352489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2128245                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1301222                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1998                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2080154                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12922116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       296388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       285281                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           43831143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          33929032                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                341788                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1891235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11647585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14352489                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11647585                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.547464                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.547464                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.392547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.392547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70995020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      21855150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15966477                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2302245                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1883723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227554                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971540                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         906042                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237852                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10282                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22197973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12865474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2302245                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1143894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2687135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        618687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1153652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1359724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227565                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     26427687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23740552     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         125644      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         199669      0.76%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         269784      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         276602      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         234449      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         131680      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         194269      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1255038      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     26427687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.433593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21972808                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1381771                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2682034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         3132                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       387939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       378772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15788629                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       387939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       22033073                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        199412                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1044232                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2625643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       137385                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15782035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        19686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        59351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     22026274                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     73412452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     73412452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     19099039                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2927230                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          411965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1479916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       799898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       216258                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15760827                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14976086                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1731137                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4129717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26427687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566682                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20068349     75.94%     75.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2632543      9.96%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1330007      5.03%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986940      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       776694      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315471      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199486      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103914      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14283      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26427687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2638     10.47%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9151     36.33%     46.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13402     53.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12596236     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222912      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357877      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       797184      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14976086                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.504724                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25191                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56407437                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17495917                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14747622                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     15001277                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30915                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239200                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       387939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        167062                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13374                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15764741                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1479916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11269                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132093                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127715                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       259808                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14766168                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277381                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209918                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2074488                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2099109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           797107                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.497650                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14747736                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14747622                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8466461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22814064                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.497025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11133390                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13699672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065077                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       230178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26039748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20400397     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2803610     10.77%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051934      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500657      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       435040      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242934      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205084      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95847      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304245      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26039748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     11133390                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13699672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2029982                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1240713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1975544                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        12343270                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       282165                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       304245                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           41500174                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          31917457                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                338417                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3244118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          11133390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13699672                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     11133390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.665119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.665119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.375218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.375218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       66459008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      20546144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14634782                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2024495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1812239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1370088                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1336662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4828                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21499630                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11512783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2024495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1455220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2566441                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        539554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       894715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1302627                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       160230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     25335887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22769446     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         394990      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         194384      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         391567      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         120956      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         364132      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          56219      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          90283      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         953910      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     25335887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.388004                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21315149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1084530                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2561177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2006                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       373021                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       186163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2055                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     12839775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         4851                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       373021                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21336719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        743667                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       273503                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2539297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        69676                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     12819426                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         9747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        52521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     16755244                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     58042479                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     58042479                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13523212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3232006                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          165012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      2352837                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       366273                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3133                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        82457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         12752221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1674                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        11920918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2351807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4838530                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25335887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20110367     79.38%     79.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1624213      6.41%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1774504      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1016057      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       521714      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       131046      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151426      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3596      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2964      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25335887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19471     56.95%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8139     23.81%     80.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6579     19.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9322130     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90983      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          825      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2144458     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       362522      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     11920918                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.401759                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34189                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49219902                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15105742                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11613053                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     11955107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8681                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       373021                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        667577                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8572                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12753910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2352837                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       366273                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          844                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          261                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110325                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       172989                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11771589                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2113865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2476326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1791457                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           362461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.396726                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             11616290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            11613053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7033583                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        15180137                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.391383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.463341                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9250627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     10384179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2370221                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1663                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       162391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24962866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21110151     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1503504      6.02%     90.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974089      3.90%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307060      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       514177      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        98427      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62348      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56494      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336616      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24962866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9250627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     10384179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2218888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1862218                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1595707                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         9066247                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       127025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       336616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37380611                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          25882142                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                486881                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               4335918                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9250627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            10384179                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9250627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.207545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.207545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.311765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.311765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       54771634                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      15096004                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13691026                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1660                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2079396                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205834                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852520                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         817468                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9124                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191758                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11806486                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2079396                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1030453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2471294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        600663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       978417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1244002                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206894                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     24031789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21560495     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133354      0.55%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210769      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         335971      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         139964      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         155992      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         166555      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         108964      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1219725      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     24031789                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19997225                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1174831                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2463273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       390048                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14410649                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       390048                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20028544                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        231356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       851723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2438935                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        91178                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14400432                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         3177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        25007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5771                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19989563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66983553                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66983553                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17007863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2981581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3730                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2082                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          273309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372262                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       737518                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       168482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14380001                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13591454                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1852013                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4150997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24031789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18297527     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2305198      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256298      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       857744      3.57%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802851      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229091      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180002      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61067      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42011      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24031789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3216     12.88%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9460     37.89%     50.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12294     49.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11386533     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214931      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1645      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255742      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       732603      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13591454                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.458065                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51257136                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16235899                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13370588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13616424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41105                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          149                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23946                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       390048                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        151716                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383759                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372262                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737518                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2081                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          149                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119556                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118130                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       237686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13395837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1180924                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1913208                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1884438                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           732284                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.451472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13370788                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13370588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7817208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20424319                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.450621                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9990686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12245652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2138105                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23641741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18668082     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2409529     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938569      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505251      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376893      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211047      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131308      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115919      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285143      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23641741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9990686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12245652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1836079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1122513                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1757926                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11034102                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       248759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       285143                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37740290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29157687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                330019                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               5639673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12245652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9990686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.969912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.969912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.336710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.336710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60406503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18533868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13443506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2018970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1807209                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162999                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366728                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117677                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21428256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11478823                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2018970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1451099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2557482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        538129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       898383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1298297                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159616                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25258392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22700910     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         393965      1.56%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         192655      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         390117      1.54%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         120428      0.48%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         363236      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          56165      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          90497      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         950419      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25258392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068043                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.386860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       21243772                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1088191                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2552213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2021                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       372191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       185783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2055                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12797620                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       372191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       21265309                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        729066                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       291679                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2530456                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        69687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12777022                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        52726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     16698057                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     57842079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     57842079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     13469287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3228749                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1670                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          850                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          165394                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2346164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       364302                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        82136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12709241                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1675                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11878893                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8084                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2348895                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4830429                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25258392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20052019     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616484      6.40%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1769091      7.00%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013916      4.01%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519021      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130223      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151121      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3582      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2935      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25258392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19362     56.91%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8117     23.86%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6542     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9288138     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90510      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          821      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2138825     18.01%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360599      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11878893                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.400343                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34021                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49058280                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15059849                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11572164                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11912914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488992                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       372191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        653036                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12710931                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          419                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2346164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364302                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          848                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          266                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110015                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62512                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       172527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11730549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2108670                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2469219                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1785963                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           360549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.395343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11575446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11572164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7008466                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        15114107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.390005                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9217131                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     10344362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2367083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1656                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       161801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24886201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21049749     84.58%     84.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1496544      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       970415      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304855      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       512611      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97936      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62102      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56225      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       335764      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24886201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9217131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     10344362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2211857                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1857172                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1589810                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9030758                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       126306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       335764                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37261843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          25795383                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                485526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4413413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9217131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            10344362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9217131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.219202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.219202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.310636                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.310636                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54582467                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      15040666                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13650823                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1654                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096367681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150665229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104453224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158750772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104453224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158750772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935175.983389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941902.908520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936204.229192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.678209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936204.229192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942910.678209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805635272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856947620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813281815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864594163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813281815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864594163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847367.946844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854094.953662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848396.204765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855102.735224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848396.204765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855102.735224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3590                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.895950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         154605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        27.421958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.053999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.710653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1199.715005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         828.416293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.585798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.404500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1505                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1505                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4822                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4823                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3590                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68535302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3323959301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3392494603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11759314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11759314                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68535302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3335718615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3404253917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68535302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3335718615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3404253917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              8404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1505                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1505                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               8413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              8413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1958151.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936590.391941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946566.574498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1959885.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1959885.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1958151.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938317.472574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948260.144011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1958151.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 938317.472574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948260.144011                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65462302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3012301352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3077763654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11232514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11232514                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65462302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3023533866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3088996168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65462302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3023533866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3088996168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.424376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1870351.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848774.683573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858751.019531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1872085.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1872085.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1870351.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850501.790717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860444.615042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1870351.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 850501.790717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860444.615042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3590                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.897980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         154584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        27.418233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.027206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    14.414735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1198.474642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         829.981397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.585193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.405264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4807                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4808                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3590                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73635587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3382575883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3456211470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6973236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6973236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73635587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3389549119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3463184706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73635587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3389549119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3463184706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              8389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               8398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              8398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.424877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2103873.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953106.757678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964344.718192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1162206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1162206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2103873.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953459.667792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964675.405571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2103873.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 953459.667792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964675.405571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70562587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3070973683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141536270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6446436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6446436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70562587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3077420119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3147982706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     70562587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3077420119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3147982706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.424877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.425138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016073.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865306.757678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876544.718192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1074406                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1074406                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016073.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865659.667792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876875.405571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2016073.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 865659.667792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876875.405571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2133                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.794044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         121238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        28.997369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.733638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.828447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   934.373275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1065.858684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.008705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.456237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.520439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3765                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2133                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54580030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692432755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747012785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54580030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692432755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1747012785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54580030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692432755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1747012785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1882070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804388.191540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819040.218003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1882070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804388.191540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819040.218003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1882070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804388.191540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819040.218003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52033830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507666530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559700360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52033830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507666530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559700360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52033830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507666530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559700360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1794270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716571.544677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731223.797468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1794270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716571.544677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731223.797468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1794270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716571.544677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731223.797468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.551961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         180263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        44.214619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.784997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.598392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   854.181791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1122.986781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.011034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.417081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.548333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                2080                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3834                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3835                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 2027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                2027                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68787898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1720310621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1789098519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2437685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437685                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68787898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1722748306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1791536204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68787898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1722748306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1791536204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            2080                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1910774.944444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 864912.328306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883505.441481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1218842.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218842.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1910774.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 865267.858363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883836.311791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1910774.944444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 865267.858363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883836.311791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           2027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65626271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1545732602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1611358873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2262085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262085                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65626271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1547994687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613620958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     65626271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1547994687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613620958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.342459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.341803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1822951.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 777140.574158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795732.776790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1131042.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1131042.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1822951.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 777496.075841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796063.620128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1822951.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 777496.075841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 796063.620128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3577                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.901885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         154591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        27.482844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.031221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.337214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1198.887555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         828.645895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.007489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.585394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.404612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4813                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4814                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3577                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75762488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3330506378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3406268866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7713656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7713656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75762488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3338220034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     3413982522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75762488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3338220034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    3413982522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              8382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               8391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              8391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104513.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942151.733522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953869.746850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1285609.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1285609.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104513.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942733.700650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954426.201286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2104513.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942733.700650                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954426.201286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                617                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     617                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72601688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3020133378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3092735066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7186856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7186856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72601688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3027320234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3099921922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72601688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3027320234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3099921922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.423869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2016713.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854351.733522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866069.746850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1197809.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1197809.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2016713.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854933.700650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866626.201286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2016713.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854933.700650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866626.201286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          978                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.460200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        60.252479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.460200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.724957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   456.862390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1523.412653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.014026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.223077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.743854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3188                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3190                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 978                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94453475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813168521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     907621996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94453475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813168521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      907621996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94453475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    813168521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     907621996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778043.382353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861407.331568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928038.850716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778043.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861407.331568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928038.850716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2778043.382353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861407.331568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928038.850716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91468275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730262307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821730582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91468275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730262307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821730582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     91468275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    730262307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821730582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.229405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.228461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2690243.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773582.952331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840215.319018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2690243.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773582.952331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840215.319018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2690243.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773582.952331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840215.319018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2022                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.517281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         180279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        44.294595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.758243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.582946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   853.786023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1123.390070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.416888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.548530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3845                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3846                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2019                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1676005520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1739401216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2453670                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2453670                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1678459190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1741854886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1678459190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1741854886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 846040.141343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862370.459098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1226835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1226835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 846424.200706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862731.493809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 846424.200706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862731.493809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1137                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1502034197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1562269056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2278070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2278070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1504312267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564547126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1504312267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564547126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673190.527778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 758220.190308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774550.845811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1139035                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1139035                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673190.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 758604.269793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774911.899950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673190.527778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 758604.269793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 774911.899950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.513413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         182354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        60.222589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.513413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.254310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   457.003213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1522.742477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.014284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.223146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.743527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3211                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794461144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     894468533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794461144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      894468533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100007389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    794461144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     894468533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.228130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841590.194915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912722.992857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841590.194915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 912722.992857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2777983.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 841590.194915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 912722.992857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711569526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    808416115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711569526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    808416115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     96846589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    711569526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    808416115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.228130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.227306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753781.277542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824914.403061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753781.277542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824914.403061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2690183.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 753781.277542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 824914.403061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2142                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.791148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         121240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        28.935561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.739858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.507759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   934.939138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1064.604393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.456513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.519826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 671                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3768                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3769                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2142                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72167371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1693472949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1765640320                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72167371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1693472949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1765640320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72167371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1693472949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1765640320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             671                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2255230.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802593.814692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824295.200747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2255230.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802593.814692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824295.200747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2255230.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 802593.814692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824295.200747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69344271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1507095076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576439347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69344271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1507095076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576439347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69344271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1507095076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576439347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.358966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2167008.468750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714263.069194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735966.081699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2167008.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714263.069194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735966.081699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2167008.468750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 714263.069194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735966.081699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         3371                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.565128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         123702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         5419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        22.827459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.146703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.453986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   928.158931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1087.805508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.453203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.531155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  4027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   4037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4036                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  4037                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                3366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 3371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3337                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                3371                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49025037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3064993201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3114018238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6412356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6412356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49025037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3071405557                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     3120430594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49025037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3071405557                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    3120430594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              7393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               7408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              7408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.455049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.455049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1441912.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 919865.906663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925139.108140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1282471.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1282471.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1441912.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920409.216961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925669.117176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1441912.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920409.216961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925669.117176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                510                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     510                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            3371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           3371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46039837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2772443601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2818483438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5973356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5973356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46039837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2778416957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2824456794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46039837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2778416957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2824456794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.452597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1354112.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832065.906663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837339.108140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1194671.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1194671.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1354112.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832609.216961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837869.117176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1354112.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832609.216961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837869.117176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          980                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.511838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         182352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.221929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.511838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.256050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   457.021905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1522.722045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.223155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.743517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 980                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3207                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3209                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 980                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101694093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802175795                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     903869888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101694093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802175795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      903869888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    101694093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    802175795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     903869888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             980                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.228240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2824835.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849762.494703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922316.212245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2824835.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849762.494703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922316.212245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2824835.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849762.494703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922316.212245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98532272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719264741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    817797013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98532272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719264741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817797013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     98532272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    719264741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    817797013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.228240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.227415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737007.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 761932.988347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834486.747959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737007.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 761932.988347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834486.747959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2737007.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 761932.988347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834486.747959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.551395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         158741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.978692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.041501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.456533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   622.237463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1369.815898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.013895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.303827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.668855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3129                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3131                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70965478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1079599657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1150565135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70965478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1079599657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1150565135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70965478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1079599657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1150565135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              4444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         4420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1774136.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 836250.702556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864436.615327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1774136.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 836250.702556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864436.615327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1774136.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 836250.702556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864436.615327                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67453023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    966205777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033658800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67453023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    966205777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033658800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     67453023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    966205777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1033658800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1686325.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 748996.726357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777187.067669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1686325.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 748996.726357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777187.067669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1686325.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 748996.726357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777187.067669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2133                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.813565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         121267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        29.004305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.740910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    18.409010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   933.376804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1066.286842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.008989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.455750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.520648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3793                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3794                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2133                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58835794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1656436041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1715271835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58835794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1656436041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1715271835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     58835794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1656436041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1715271835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.360426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.359879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.359879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961193.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787653.847361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804159.322550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961193.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787653.847361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804159.322550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1961193.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 787653.847361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804159.322550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56201428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1471763231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527964659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56201428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1471763231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527964659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     56201428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1471763231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1527964659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.356682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873380.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699839.862577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716345.362869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873380.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699839.862577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716345.362869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1873380.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 699839.862577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716345.362869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3392                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.575244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         123685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        22.736213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.167305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.503169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   938.130031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1076.774738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.458071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.525769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 864                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4019                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4020                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3393                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76632256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3132265629                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3208897885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6809110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6809110                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76632256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139074739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3215706995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76632256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3139074739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3215706995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              7398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             864                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               7413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              7413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189493.028571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934168.096928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947136.329693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1361822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1361822                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189493.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934804.865694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947747.419688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2189493.028571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 934804.865694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947747.419688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73559044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2837882243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2911441287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6370110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73559044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844252353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917811397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73559044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2844252353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2917811397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.455199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2101686.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 846371.083507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859339.222845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1274022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1274022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2101686.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847007.847826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859950.308576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2101686.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847007.847826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859950.308576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2143                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.813102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         121266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        28.934860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.737939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.931751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   933.858332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1065.285080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.455986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.520159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 670                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3795                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3796                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2143                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61585465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705556627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1767142092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61585465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705556627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1767142092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61585465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705556627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1767142092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             670                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.360835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.360835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1924545.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807937.767409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824611.335511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1924545.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807937.767409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824611.335511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1924545.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 807937.767409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824611.335511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                316                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     316                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58775434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1520153900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578929334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58775434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1520153900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578929334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58775434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1520153900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578929334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.357433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1836732.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720110.800568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736784.570229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1836732.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720110.800568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736784.570229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1836732.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 720110.800568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736784.570229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585095943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585095943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660884615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8660884615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8660884615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8660884615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447000.725971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447000.725971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448727.248070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448727.248070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448727.248070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448727.248070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386936641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386936641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395784862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395784862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395784862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395784862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463202.494666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463202.494666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.589247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.589247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463398.589247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463398.589247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              569.091340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1026180111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1772331.797927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.680063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.411278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.044359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1238785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1238785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97760990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97760990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97760990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97760990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97760990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97760990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844546.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1844546.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1844546.981132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68892345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68892345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68892345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68892345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68892345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68892345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1913676.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913676.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1913676.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 8377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              404543406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             46860.118846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.130152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.869848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.434102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.565898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3233675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3233675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1769950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1769950                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5003625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        5003625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      5003625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       5003625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        30534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        30534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        30534                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14051851882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14051851882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36488926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36488926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14088340808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14088340808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14088340808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14088340808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3264179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3264179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1769980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1769980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5034159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5034159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      5034159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5034159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 460656.041240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460656.041240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1216297.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1216297.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 461398.467544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461398.467544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 461398.467544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461398.467544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1505                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        22157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3682621629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682621629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12001414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12001414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3694623043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694623043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3694623043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3694623043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440083.846678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 440083.846678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1333490.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1333490.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441043.696192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441043.696192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441043.696192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441043.696192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              569.092179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1026178498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1772329.012090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.681051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.411128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.044361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1237172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1237172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1237172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1237172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1237172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100691525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100691525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100691525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100691525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100691525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100691525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1237228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1237228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1237228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1237228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1237228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1237228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1798062.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1798062.946429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1798062.946429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       157497                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73992266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73992266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73992266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73992266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73992266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73992266                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055340.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055340.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055340.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 8362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              404538212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 8618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             46941.078208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.122422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.877578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.434072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.565928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3230322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3230322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1768110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1768110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4998432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4998432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4998432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4998432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        30497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        30497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        30497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14215442660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14215442660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23733567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23733567                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14239176227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14239176227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14239176227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14239176227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3260789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3260789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1768140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1768140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5028929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5028929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      5028929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5028929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466584.916795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466584.916795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 791118.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791118.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 466904.161950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        22135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3740389996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3740389996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7215336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7215336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3747605332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3747605332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3747605332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3747605332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 447790.015084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447790.015084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       801704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       801704                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448170.931834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              552.945563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915118106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1642940.944345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.885009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.060553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1299559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1299559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75245322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75245322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75245322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75245322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75245322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75245322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1710120.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1710120.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54914599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54914599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54914599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54914599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54914599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54914599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1830486.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830486.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204390048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33375.252776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.650831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.349169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1932533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2285992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2285992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9594201911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9594201911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597363991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9597363991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597363991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9597363991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1953405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2306901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2306901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459668.546905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459668.546905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459006.360467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459006.360467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459006.360467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459006.360467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956092355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956092355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956669255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956669255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956669255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956669255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333861.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333861.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333447.384969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333447.384969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333447.384969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333447.384969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              512.424379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              996846893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1920706.922929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.424379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.048757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1284447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1284447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1284447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1284447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1284447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1284447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93301296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93301296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93301296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93301296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93301296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93301296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1284495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1284495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1284495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1284495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1284495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1284495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1943777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1943777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1943777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69172162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69172162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69172162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69172162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69172162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69172162                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1869517.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869517.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1869517.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              157766083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 6080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             25948.368914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.815345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.184655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.885997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.114003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       903942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        903942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       763761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1667703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1667703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1667703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1667703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        20788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        20788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8361931695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8361931695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    505354375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    505354375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8867286070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8867286070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8867286070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8867286070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       924051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       764440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1791                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1688491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1688491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1688491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1688491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000888                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 415830.309563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415830.309563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 744262.702504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 744262.702504                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426557.921397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426557.921397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426557.921397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426557.921397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6507329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 650732.900000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            2080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14963                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1988012529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1988012529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3435210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3435210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1991447739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991447739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1991447739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1991447739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 342288.658574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342288.658574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 202071.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202071.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341879.440172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341879.440172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341879.440172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341879.440172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              569.532089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1026179272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1769274.606897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.122440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.409649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.045068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1237946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1237946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1237946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1237946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1237946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1237946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103358736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103358736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103358736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103358736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103358736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103358736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1722645.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722645.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722645.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76138185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76138185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76138185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76138185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76138185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76138185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2057788.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2057788.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2057788.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              404541502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 8610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             46985.075726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.137287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.862713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.434130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.565870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3232618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3232618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1769100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1769100                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5001718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5001718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5001718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5001718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        30528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        30528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        30528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14115166330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14115166330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26682364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26682364                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14141848694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14141848694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  14141848694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14141848694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3263116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3263116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1769130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1769130                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          871                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5032246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5032246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5032246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5032246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 462822.687717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462822.687717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 889412.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889412.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463241.899044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22174                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3688488638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3688488638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7955756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7955756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3696444394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696444394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3696444394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3696444394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 441999.836788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 441999.836788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 883972.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883972.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 442475.986833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              486.952219                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998753878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2034121.951120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.952219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.051205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1391358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1391358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1391358                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147329288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147329288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147329288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147329288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    147329288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147329288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1391406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3069360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3069360.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3069360.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2072964                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690988                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94883443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94883443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94883443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94883443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94883443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94883443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2635651.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2635651.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2635651.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 4132                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148298315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             33796.334321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   218.552500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    37.447500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.853721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.146279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822285                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1930889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1930889                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        10741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        10741                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2447653777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2447653777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7200888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7200888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454854665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2454854665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2454854665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2454854665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2092                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1941630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 230107.528156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230107.528156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69239.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69239.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228549.917605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228549.917605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 228549.917605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228549.917605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1027788535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027788535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1200694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028989229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028989229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1028989229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028989229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249766.351154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249766.351154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70629.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249029.339061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249029.339061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 249029.339061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249029.339061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.439555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              996849124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1920711.221580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.439555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1286678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1286678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1286678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1286726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1286726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1286726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              157769136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             25931.810651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.832033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.167967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.886063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.113937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       905412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        905412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       765341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1670753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1670753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1670753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1670753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8300532597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8300532597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    507075996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    507075996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8807608593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8807608593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8807608593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8807608593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       925545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       925545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       766020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1691565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1691565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1691565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1691565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 412284.935032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412284.935032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 746798.226804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 746798.226804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423198.567797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423198.567797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423198.567797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423198.567797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3869967                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 386996.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14984                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1944459549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1944459549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3447693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3447693                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1947907242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947907242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1947907242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947907242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334617.027878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334617.027878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 202805.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202805.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334232.539808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334232.539808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 334232.539808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334232.539808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              487.486000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              998754942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2025872.093306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    32.486000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.052061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1392422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1392422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1392422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    156478636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156478636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1392475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2952427.094340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3384736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1128245.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100463107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100463107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2643765.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148299159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             33635.554321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   218.569203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    37.430797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.853786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.146214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1108519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       823196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1931715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1931715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2406735740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2406735740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4775356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4775356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2411511096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2411511096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2411511096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2411511096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1119246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       823251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823251                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2108                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1942497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1942497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 224362.425655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224362.425655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86824.654545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86824.654545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223660.832499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223660.832499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223660.832499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223660.832499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         6629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1010652495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1010652495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1014871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011667366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011667366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1011667366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011667366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 244236.949009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244236.949009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67658.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67658.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243599.173128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243599.173128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 243599.173128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243599.173128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              554.962937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              915116686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1634136.939286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.901765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.061172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.046317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1298139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1298139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1298139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1298139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1298139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    115517526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115517526                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    115517526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115517526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    115517526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115517526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1298189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1298189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1298189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2310350.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2310350.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2310350.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2310350.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2310350.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2310350.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       309853                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       309853                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72499229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72499229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72499229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72499229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72499229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72499229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2196946.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2196946.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2196946.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2196946.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2196946.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2196946.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              204389559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 6134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             33320.762798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   185.515634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    70.484366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.724670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.275330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1932205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       353306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2285511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2285511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2285511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2285511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        20914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        20914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        20914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9548923938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9548923938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3164436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3164436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9552088374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9552088374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9552088374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9552088374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1953082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       353343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2306425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2306425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2306425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2306425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457389.660296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 457389.660296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85525.297297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85525.297297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456731.776513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456731.776513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 456731.776513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456731.776513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        15036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1957436208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957436208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1958013108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1958013108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1958013108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1958013108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333521.248594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333521.248594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333108.728819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333108.728819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 333108.728819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333108.728819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              520.212805                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001252605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1907147.819048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.212805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.048418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1244556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1244556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1244556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1244556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1244556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72637554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72637554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72637554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72637554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     72637554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72637554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1244611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1244611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1244611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1320682.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1320682.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1320682.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1320682.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1320682.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1320682.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49393351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49393351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49393351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49393351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49393351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49393351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1411238.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1411238.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1411238.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1411238.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1411238.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1411238.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 7373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166551889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             21831.418141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   227.845436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    28.154564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.890021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.109979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       859599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       711071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711071                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2057                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8473969372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8473969372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     60494969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60494969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8534464341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8534464341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8534464341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8534464341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       878869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       711161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2057                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1660                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1590030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1590030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 439749.318734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439749.318734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 672166.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 672166.322222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440829.769680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440829.769680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 440829.769680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440829.769680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        11987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3357414851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3357414851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7094856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7094856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3364509707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3364509707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3364509707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3364509707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456294.489127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456294.489127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472990.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472990.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456328.456124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456328.456124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 456328.456124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456328.456124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.486920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998754703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2025871.608519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.486920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1392183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1392183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1392183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158349218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158349218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158349218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158349218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    158349218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158349218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1392237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932392.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2932392.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2932392.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1123654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102122485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102122485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102122485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102122485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102122485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102122485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687433.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687433.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2687433.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148298736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33650.722941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   218.569978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    37.430022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.853789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.146211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1108359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       822928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1931287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1931287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        10789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        10789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2419314767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2419314767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      4787210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4787210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2424101977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2424101977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2424101977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2424101977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1119093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       822983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1942076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1942076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 225387.997671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225387.997671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87040.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87040.181818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224682.730281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224682.730281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224682.730281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224682.730281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             980                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6638                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1018240962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1018240962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1014723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1014723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1019255685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019255685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1019255685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019255685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246189.787718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246189.787718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 67648.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67648.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245544.612142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245544.612142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 245544.612142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245544.612142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              508.821640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              995622768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1925769.377176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.821640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1359666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1359666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1359666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1359666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1359666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89203556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89203556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89203556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89203556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89203556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89203556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1359723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1359723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1359723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1564974.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564974.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1564974.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564974.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1564974.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564974.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       307666                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       307666                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71441936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71441936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71441936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71441936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     71441936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71441936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1700998.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1700998.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1700998.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1700998.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1700998.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1700998.476190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 4420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              151946738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             32495.025235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   223.758309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    32.241691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.874056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.125944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       934456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       785536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1719992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1719992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1719992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1719992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4742105388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4742105388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8796292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8796292                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4750901680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4750901680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4750901680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4750901680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       948493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       785642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1734135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1734135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1734135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1734135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337828.979697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337828.979697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82983.886792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82983.886792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335918.947889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335918.947889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335918.947889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335918.947889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1293011935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293011935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1186442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1294198377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294198377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1294198377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1294198377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 293732.833939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293732.833939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65913.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65913.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 292805.062670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292805.062670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 292805.062670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292805.062670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              554.304214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              915121127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1640002.019713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.243496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.060718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1302580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1302580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1302580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80977458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80977458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80977458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80977458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     80977458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80977458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1302627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1722924.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1722924.638298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1722924.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1722924.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1722924.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1722924.638298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59168398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59168398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59168398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59168398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     59168398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59168398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1908658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1908658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1908658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1908658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1908658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1908658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              204395542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33224.242848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   185.417251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    70.582749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.724286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.275714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1936540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1936540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       354951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          830                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2291491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        2291491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2291491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       2291491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        20906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        20906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9433990598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9433990598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      3075464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3075464                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9437066062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9437066062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9437066062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9437066062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1957409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1957409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       354988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354988                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          830                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2312397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2312397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2312397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2312397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 452057.626048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452057.626048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 83120.648649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83120.648649                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 451404.671482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451404.671482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 451404.671482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451404.671482                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15010                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1921920992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1921920992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1922497892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922497892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1922497892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922497892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 326468.658400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326468.658400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 326068.163501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326068.163501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 326068.163501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326068.163501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              521.364040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001251995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1903520.903042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.364040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1243946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1243946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122912308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122912308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122912308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122912308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    122912308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122912308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2194862.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2194862.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2194862.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2194862.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2194862.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2194862.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76993384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76993384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76993384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76993384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76993384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76993384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2138705.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2138705.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2138705.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2138705.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2138705.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2138705.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7376                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166549700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             21822.549790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   228.125529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    27.874471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.891115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.108885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       858376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1568500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1568500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1568500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8572021702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8572021702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     64683674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64683674                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8636705376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8636705376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8636705376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8636705376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       877653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1587871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1587871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1587871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 444676.127094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444676.127094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 688124.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 688124.191489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445857.486759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445857.486759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 445857.486759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445857.486759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             864                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11994                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3423739700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3423739700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7493950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7493950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431233650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431233650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3431233650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3431233650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465055.650638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465055.650638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 499596.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 499596.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465125.884506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465125.884506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 465125.884506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 465125.884506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              554.815877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              915116797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1634137.137500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.903686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.912191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.046320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.889128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1298250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1298250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1298250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1298250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1298250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83164143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83164143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83164143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83164143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83164143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83164143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1298297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1298297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1298297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1769449.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1769449.851064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1769449.851064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61928516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61928516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61928516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61928516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61928516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61928516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1876621.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876621.696970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1876621.696970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5906                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              204388971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             33169.258520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   185.633361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    70.366639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.725130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.274870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1931950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1931950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       352973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       352973                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          827                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2284923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2284923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2284923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2284923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9522274924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9522274924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3163754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3163754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9525438678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9525438678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9525438678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9525438678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1952828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1952828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       353010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          827                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2305838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2305838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2305838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2305838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 456091.336526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456091.336526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85506.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85506.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455435.748410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455435.748410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 455435.748410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455435.748410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1971294274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1971294274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1971871174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1971871174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1971871174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1971871174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334287.650331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334287.650331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333875.918388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333875.918388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333875.918388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333875.918388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
