
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123204                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123203747127                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               648031340664                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 292368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   370698                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2057200                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67760048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59889.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17509629455                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22200775079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4150400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1211264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4875264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2631424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1212544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2574720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1697536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1212416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1211776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4136064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1212288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4864640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2570752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4866944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4152832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2576384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             45233664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10560640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10560640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         9463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        38088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         9473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        13262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         9472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         9467                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        32313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         9471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        38005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        38023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        32444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                353388                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33687287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9831389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     39570745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21358311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9841779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     20898066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13778282                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9840740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9835545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33570927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9839701                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39484513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        35324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20865859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39503214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33707027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        34285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20911572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               367145197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        37401                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        41557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        34285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37401                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        35324                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        34285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             620241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85716873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85716873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85716873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        38440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33687287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        37401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9831389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        41557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     39570745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        38440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21358311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        38440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9841779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        34285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     20898066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13778282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        36363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9840740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9835545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33570927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9839701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39484513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        35324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20865859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39503214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33707027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        34285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20911572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              452862070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20737215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16957045                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8652188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8189122                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135291                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90125                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201439645                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117647715                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20737215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10324413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24658155                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5887016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9439436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12386657                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040541                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239351977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214693822     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1336213      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2111746      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3363768      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1392312      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1562655      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1659770      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1087243      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12144448      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239351977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070188                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199521905                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11371870                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24582056                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        61873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3814270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3401651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143671386                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3046                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3814270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199825161                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2281515                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8188831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24346291                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       895904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143580942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        35654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       245687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       331895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        60713                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199322388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667912732                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667912732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29080538                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37086                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2651887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13688934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7360338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221559                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673602                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143387906                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135788354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18041408                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40106100                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3993                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239351977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182057257     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23024696      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12576234      5.25%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8562549      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8004150      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301945      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1796127      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611696      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417323      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239351977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31523     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95310     38.26%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122306     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113750612     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2144965      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12554839      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7321477      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135788354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.459594                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249139                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511349268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161468014                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133605887                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136037493                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2452535                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          409                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       217320                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8438                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3814270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1417949                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       123309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143425268                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34613                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13688934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20612                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90939                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1532                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186387                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154867                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2341254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133852692                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11806330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1935659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 163                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19126062                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18842297                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7319732                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453043                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133606746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133605887                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78113423                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204048963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382817                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20851241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2070777                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235537707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185782890     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24095082     10.23%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9380062      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5053340      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3784411      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2113473      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303789      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165656      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2859004      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235537707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2859004                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376103861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290666177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3265071                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56100655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.954526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.954526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603622920                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185187533                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134013824                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       25640495                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21349667                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2329478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9788964                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9377683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223106745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            140671646                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          25640495                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     12136409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29317543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6477272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     20162826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13853076                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    276718943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987434                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      247401400     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1797621      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2263008      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3608438      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1518808      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1944846      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2269270      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1037045      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       14878507      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    276718943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086784                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.476123                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      221799031                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     21601592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        29178447                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        13830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4126042                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3901308                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    171923941                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3197                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4126042                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      222023629                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        716654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     20257787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28967950                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       626873                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    170867577                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        90596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       437048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    238665109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    794591923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    794591923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    199809291                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       38855797                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        41528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21714                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2202486                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15976228                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8367156                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1897439                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        166816333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41676                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       160101067                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20139445                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40887943                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1710                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276718943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302649                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208876689     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30949134     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12646084      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7089157      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9604682      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2956325      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2909647      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563741      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123484      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276718943                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103373     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148045     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142706     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134881061     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188650      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19814      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14669822      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8341720      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    160101067                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541884                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1394124                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598474176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186998217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155936157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    161495191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2989907                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          765                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115207                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4126042                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        545240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166858015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       129265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15976228                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8367156                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21713                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60104                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           73                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          765                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1381673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1307020                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2688693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157312924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14431866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2788142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22772824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       22247377                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8340958                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.532447                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            155936574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           155936157                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        93424341                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       250960895                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527787                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372267                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116244078                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    143239382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23619252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39966                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2349372                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272592901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211967602     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30723523     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11153953      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5560229      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5084367      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2136097      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110639      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006449      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2850042      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272592901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    116244078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    143239382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             21238270                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12986321                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             19938                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         20762358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       128961851                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2957808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2850042                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          436600687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         337843334                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3379642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              18733689                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         116244078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           143239382                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    116244078                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.541657                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.541657                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393444                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393444                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      707861740                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     217903714                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     159031851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        39932                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19970632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18021183                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043359                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7544673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7144841                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1102540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46254                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211891505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            125501823                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19970632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8247381                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24830361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3292026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     29423961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles          393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12153383                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    268368635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      243538274     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         889766      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1811460      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         772930      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4126260      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3681489      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         708518      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1483373      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11356565      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    268368635                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067593                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.424778                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      209723277                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     31605876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24738588                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        79019                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2221872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1752259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          506                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    147160807                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2810                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2221872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      209996133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles      29376962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1288499                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24577411                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       907755                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    147081300                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       469718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       298916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8269                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    172658823                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    692714093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    692714093                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    153144434                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19514299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17078                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8627                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2100067                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     34706921                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17551441                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       855859                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        146795886                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17129                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       141079742                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11374036                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27365373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268368635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217705427     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15465537      5.76%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12519724      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5406904      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6755303      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6410244      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3636067      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290221      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179208      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268368635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355476     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2713440     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79172      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88493918     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1232659      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8448      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33835454     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17509263     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    141079742                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.477504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3148088                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022314                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553756445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158190724                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139879605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    144227830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253925                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1349294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          552                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109838                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12441                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          164                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2221872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles      28670912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       275614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146813116                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34706921                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17551441                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8629                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170843                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          130                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1224409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140101072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33727489                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978670                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           51235061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18361792                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17507572                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474191                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            139883372                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           139879605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        75575893                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       149200262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473442                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506540                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113670099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    133581253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13248050                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17026                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1066342                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266146763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217521656     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17891551      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8334598      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8199045      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2268862      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9383582      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713928      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521883      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311658      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266146763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    113670099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    133581253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             50799221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            33357618                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17640298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       118785778                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1293936                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1311658                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          411664070                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         295880735                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4548485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              27083997                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         113670099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           133581253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    113670099                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.599212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.599212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384732                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384732                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      692623530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     162416143                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     175228227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        17000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295452613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21697807                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17793249                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2120045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8994888                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8474219                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2226619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207046539                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            123331292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21697807                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10700838                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27108487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6022392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     19094155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12753383                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2108068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    257114154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      230005667     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2924495      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3382784      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1870533      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2167518      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1183283      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         811258      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        2116433      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12652183      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    257114154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073439                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417432                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      205378588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     20794077                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26892697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       203608                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3845182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3522675                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        19785                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    150544969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        97832                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3845182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      205689695                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       7540170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     12350521                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26793915                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       894669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    150460655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       237612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       410950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    209069001                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    700503058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    700503058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    178545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       30523397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        39081                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21667                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2394955                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14353896                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7824658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206545                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1739520                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        150232803                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39154                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141979306                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       202053                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18757941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43391667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4086                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257114154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.552203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197298632     76.74%     76.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24058895      9.36%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12908442      5.02%     91.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8952160      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7835792      3.05%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4011344      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       960050      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623853      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464986      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257114154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37326     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129252     42.56%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137139     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118848665     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2220544      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17387      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13124284      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7768426      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141979306                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.480548                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            303717                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541578536                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169031264                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139638410                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142283023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357843                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2523687                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          880                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1370                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       170533                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8691                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4763                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3845182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       7020548                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       160097                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150272086                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14353896                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7824658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21640                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       112411                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1370                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229584                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1189748                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2419332                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139900910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12324667                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2078396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20091337                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19571509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7766670                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473514                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139640681                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139638410                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        82973531                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       217348199                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.472625                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381754                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104845933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    128633323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21640242                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35068                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2132020                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253268972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200716617     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24371351      9.62%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10211484      4.03%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6141253      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4247655      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2744217      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1421352      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144916      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2270127      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253268972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    104845933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    128633323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19484313                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11830199                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17496                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18409748                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       115967992                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2617060                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2270127                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          401271708                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         304392480                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3167794                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              38338459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         104845933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           128633323                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    104845933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.817969                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.817969                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.354865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.354865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      631048417                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     193788960                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     140506191                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35036                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       25652850                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21358660                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2330129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9826612                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9390845                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2760750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108310                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223237160                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            140721820                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          25652850                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12151595                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            29333936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6477032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     20017307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13860211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2227767                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    276719320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      247385384     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1799940      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2273121      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3610789      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1511155      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1947861      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2270201      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1037366      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       14883503      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    276719320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086826                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      221928889                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     21456716                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        29194624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        13956                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4125134                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3904446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    171985761                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3192                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4125134                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      222153700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        716933                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     20111981                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        28984035                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       627529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    170928391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        90749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       437616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    238756573                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    794884723                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    794884723                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    199935912                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       38820633                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        41562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2206416                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15981489                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8372168                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1902010                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        166893165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41710                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       160187670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20126859                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40845492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276719320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208833527     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30971337     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12659348      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7090622      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9608389      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2956231      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2911340      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1565188      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123338      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276719320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103433     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148106     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142794     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134951353     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2190209      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19827      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14679531      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8346750      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    160187670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542177                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1394333                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598647638                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187062506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156022032                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    161582003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119075                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2986911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          775                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114950                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4125134                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        545172                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68887                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166934882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130320                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15981489                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8372168                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21734                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60149                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          775                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1382088                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1306173                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2688261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157400054                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14441609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2787616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22787665                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       22261567                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8346056                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532742                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            156022439                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           156022032                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        93476442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       251082898                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528078                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116317784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    143330286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23605218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2350046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272594186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211928414     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30745657     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11159917      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5565129      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5086900      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2137856      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2111387      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1007202      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2851724      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272594186                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    116317784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    143330286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21251796                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12994578                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             19950                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         20775550                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       129043706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2959698                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2851724                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          436677160                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         337996176                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3380369                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18733312                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         116317784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           143330286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    116317784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.540047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.540047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      708252727                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     218020546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     159093676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        39956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20309974                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18137848                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1618675                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13619284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13272148                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1218516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48875                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214708573                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115339687                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20309974                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     14490664                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25725871                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5303961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      8561185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12991297                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1588746                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    252671830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      226945959     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3925110      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1979535      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3884507      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1243999      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3597660      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         566228      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         910638      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9618194      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    252671830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068742                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.390383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      212696145                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     10622965                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25674879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        20642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3657195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1915866                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18981                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    129015003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        35794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3657195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      212925321                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6839019                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3056587                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25447404                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       746300                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    128826709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       100627                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       569312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    168833207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    583841024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    583841024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    136981938                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       31851264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17303                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8762                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1725217                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     23249244                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3770543                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24754                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       856151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        128161333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17367                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       120040842                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23072464                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47227725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252671830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200033777     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16547872      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17674229      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10195619      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5270294      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1320491      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1562936      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36488      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30124      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252671830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200596     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82726     23.56%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67758     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94126538     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       940467      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8541      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21227035     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3738261      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    120040842                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.406295                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            351080                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    493182268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151251487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116996506                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    120391922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4731896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          330                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86396                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3657195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       5995706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89943                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128178796                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23249244                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3770543                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8761                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43282                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2404                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          330                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1094607                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620806                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1715413                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118519871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20921760                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1520971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           24659837                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18019421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3738077                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.401147                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            117023418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           116996506                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        70800086                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       154169096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.395991                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.459237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93220749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    104945423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23238503                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17227                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1608547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    249014635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209945600     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15349692      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9859112      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3103509      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5152996      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1006363      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636471      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582781      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3378111      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    249014635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     93220749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    104945423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             22201492                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            18517345                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16102301                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        91711100                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1311397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3378111                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          373820099                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         260027939                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4794533                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              42780802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          93220749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           104945423                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     93220749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.169387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.169387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.315518                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.315518                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      550924170                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     152438210                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     137039431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        17212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22811635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18665147                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2235159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9597030                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8994754                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2359681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101986                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219972946                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            127503392                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22811635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11354435                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26636634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6076213                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     11937658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13457303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2236340                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    262360067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      235723433     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1248800      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1978743      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2674619      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2750019      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2325364      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1297354      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1932038      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12429697      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    262360067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431553                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      217710485                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     14220212                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26587368                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        30321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3811678                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3754313                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    156481332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3811678                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      218308528                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1998125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     10840860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        26026796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1374077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    156420387                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       204198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       589550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    218286100                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    727655556                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    727655556                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    189522909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28763185                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        39239                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20605                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         4080823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14657510                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7936928                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1844138                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        156227601                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39376                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       148495429                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20457                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17064991                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40668280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1805                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262360067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199523564     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25835287      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13095675      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9876299      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7754359      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3131044      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1976776      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1029921      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137142      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262360067                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27749     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90393     36.60%     47.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128828     52.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124895060     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2211034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18628      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13459200      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7911507      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    148495429                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.502603                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246970                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559618352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173332567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146258074                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    148742399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       300233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2345424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          600                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104393                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3811678                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1663831                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156267131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14657510                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7936928                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20611                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114079                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          600                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1303803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250183                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2553986                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146435849                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12664682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2059580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20575886                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20817718                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7911204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.495632                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            146258289                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           146258074                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        83959160                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       226221979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495031                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110479795                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    135944253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20322901                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37571                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2263361                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258548389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202798070     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27619409     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10449828      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4975883      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4186071      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2408207      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2112130      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       950888      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3047903      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258548389                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    110479795                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    135944253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20144617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12312082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18744                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19603391                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       122484154                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2799410                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3047903                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          411766886                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         316346050                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3335815                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              33092565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         110479795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           135944253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    110479795                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.674268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.674268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      659094476                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     203743518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     145056099                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37538                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       25660462                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21366075                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2329182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9777245                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9388377                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2761508                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107962                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223221803                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            140759044                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          25660462                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12149885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            29343623                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6485188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     20018316                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13859295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226266                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    276723790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625171                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988238                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      247380167     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1799273      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2271023      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3611933      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1513351      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1947160      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2267587      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1038639      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       14894657      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    276723790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086851                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      221912642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     21459134                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        29203892                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        13860                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4134261                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3904812                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    172067093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3201                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4134261                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      222137815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        716034                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     20114383                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        28992603                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       628686                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    171006276                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        90364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       438670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    238851270                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    795243374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    795243374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    199935361                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       38915909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21524                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2208498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     16015297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8373616                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1899848                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        166976389                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41497                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       160211794                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160195                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20211728                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41134920                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276723790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208838290     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30959397     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12662153      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7096131      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9609231      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2960498      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2909299      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1565838      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122953      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276723790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103696     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150623     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142780     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134973202     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2190327      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19827      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14680029      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8348409      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    160211794                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542259                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1397099                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598704672                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187230378                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156048879                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    161608893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118762                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3020758                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116430                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4134261                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        544611                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68130                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    167017892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16015297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8373616                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21523                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1378742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1310681                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2689423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157427130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14441657                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2784664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22789325                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       22264719                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8347668                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532834                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            156049279                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           156048879                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        93506427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       251192782                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528169                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116317432                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    143329861                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23688670                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2349066                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272589529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211925830     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30745094     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11159957      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5561830      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5088833      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2133945      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2115423      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1007168      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2851449      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272589529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    116317432                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    143329861                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21251725                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12994539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19950                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         20775485                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       129043333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2959694                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2851449                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          436755805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         338171339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3383205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              18728842                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         116317432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           143329861                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    116317432                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.540055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.540055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      708352967                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     218060123                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     159132316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        39956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       25647271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21353780                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328755                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9736433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9376203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2760308                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223116019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            140703252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          25647271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     12136511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            29328060                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6481900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     20132839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13853477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226276                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    276716631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      247388571     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1798751      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2260621      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3610262      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1521664      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1945463      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        2266338      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1038307      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       14886654      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    276716631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086807                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476229                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      221809638                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     21573086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        29188649                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        13845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      4131412                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3904090                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          652                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    171994595                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3193                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      4131412                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      222034413                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        715936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     20229600                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        28977739                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       627523                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    170936536                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        90429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       437762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    238741442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    794908854                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    794908854                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    199831147                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       38910295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        41379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21563                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2206290                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     16004712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8370628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94249                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1895938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        166889947                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41530                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       160135030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       161190                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20187916                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41094675                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1560                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276716631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208866974     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30942698     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12652109      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7091576      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9609304      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2958435      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2907951      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564383      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123201      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276716631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103726     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150281     10.76%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142766     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134906631     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188934      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19816      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14674357      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8345292      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    160135030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541999                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1396773                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598544654                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187120161                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155972831                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    161531803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3016977                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          770                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117778                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      4131412                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        543820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166931482                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130679                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16004712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8370628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21562                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          770                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1378758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1308912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2687670                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157351395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14435085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783635                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           22779604                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       22253409                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8344519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.532577                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            155973272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           155972831                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        93449500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       251050188                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.527911                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116256805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    143255056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23677055                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2348637                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272585219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211957447     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30724723     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11153005      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5558904      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5086565      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2134442      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2112702      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006519      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2850912      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272585219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    116256805                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    143255056                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             21240585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12987735                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19940                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         20764640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       128975944                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2958127                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2850912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          436665612                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         337995651                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3381355                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              18736001                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         116256805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           143255056                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    116256805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.541379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.541379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      708012270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     217946454                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     159068107                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        39936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20728874                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16950994                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024089                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8527420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8179762                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126477                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89759                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201268338                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117671038                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20728874                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10306239                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24646453                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5887389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      9265992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12376044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2037727                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    239001062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      214354609     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1338477      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2103908      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3355697      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1395705      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1554654      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1661788      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1089827      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12146397      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    239001062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398274                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199370496                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     11180664                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24570421                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        61446                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3818032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3399579                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          473                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143652261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3050                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3818032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199671048                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2242144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      8027691                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24336534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       905608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143563731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        40139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       243763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       332127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        71123                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199303621                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    667798274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    667798274                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170156369                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29147238                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37052                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20595                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2658037                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13658001                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7361112                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674557                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143381130                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135738433                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171760                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18067944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40291499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3974                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239001062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181737912     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23011579      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12555002      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8565307      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8007072      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2299682      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1794757      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       612319      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417432      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239001062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31488     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95412     38.26%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122461     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113702022     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148765      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16452      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12548995      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7322199      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135738433                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459425                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249361                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510899048                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161487735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133583062                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135987794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2427232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          425                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1528                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8455                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3818032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1397860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       123996                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143418452                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8845                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13658001                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7361112                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20585                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        93187                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1528                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153767                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2340647                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133830378                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11801969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1908054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19122370                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18833928                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7320401                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452967                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133583961                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133583062                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78075956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       203893889                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452130                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99949816                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122513098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20905920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33191                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2067381                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235183030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185455246     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24082248     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9373517      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5052568      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3780586      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2111568      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303756      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164936      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858605      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235183030                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99949816                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122513098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18370194                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11230769                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16558                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17586346                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110393381                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2488839                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2858605                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          375742767                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290656302                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3260440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              56451570                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99949816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122513098                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99949816                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.956010                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.956010                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338294                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338294                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      603515005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     185143827                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     134034251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33162                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       25643146                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21351000                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2329182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9775164                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9377810                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2759139                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108282                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223152628                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            140687224                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          25643146                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12136949                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            29321083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6476215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     20122168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13854900                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    276726948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      247405865     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1798386      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2263823      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3610552      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1517374      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1943911      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2267736      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1036720      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       14882581      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    276726948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      221845272                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     21560546                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        29182075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        13764                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4125290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3902626                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          650                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    171943194                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3171                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4125290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      222070122                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        715987                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     20218287                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        28971028                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       626226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    170884984                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        90372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       436489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    238690051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    794664998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    794664998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    199852502                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       38837538                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        41502                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21684                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2202005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15978660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8369361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94436                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1893410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        166844717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41649                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       160128334                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159970                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20132707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40885944                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1675                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276726948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302734                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208874468     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30952839     11.19%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12648647      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7089773      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9605624      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2958010      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2910032      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564296      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123259      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276726948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1104093     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148320     10.63%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142736     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134903555     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188764      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19818      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14672251      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8343946      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    160128334                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541976                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1395149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598538735                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187019835                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155967752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    161523483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2989515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          764                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4125290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        544147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69142                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166886371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       129577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15978660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8369361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21683                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          764                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1380758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1306786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2687544                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157343454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14433666                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2784880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22776831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       22253284                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8343165                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532551                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            155968213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           155967752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        93435262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       250980092                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372282                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116269234                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    143270403                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23616608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2349079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272601658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211966774     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30726255     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11156539      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5559467      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5086277      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2137827      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2111521      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006684      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2850314      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272601658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    116269234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    143270403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21242888                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12989141                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             19942                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         20766849                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       128989778                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2958448                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2850314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          436637549                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         337899340                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3379708                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18725684                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         116269234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           143270403                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    116269234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.541108                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.541108                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393529                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393529                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      707993561                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     217945645                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     159051874                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        39940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19933740                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17987738                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1044452                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7672253                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7146599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100494                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46415                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211608107                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            125195433                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19933740                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8247093                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24783678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3279274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     29485280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12138591                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1048832                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    268085802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      243302124     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         889204      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1808352      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         773536      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4123554      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3675284      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         711961      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1477683      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11324104      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    268085802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423741                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209404344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     31702076                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24692031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        79112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2208236                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1749139                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146836275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2824                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2208236                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      209679361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      29493140                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1256326                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24529818                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       918918                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146755129                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       474928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       298657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14334                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    172231552                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    691155283                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    691155283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152888903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19342609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17035                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8599                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2110764                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34657695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17527620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160474                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       851115                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146471284                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17085                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140856955                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11256970                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26907277                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268085802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217472549     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15475748      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12510000      4.67%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5391480      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6740839      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6396269      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3629339      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290592      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178986      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268085802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354919     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2707809     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78985      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88349175     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1226551      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8434      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33792935     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17479860     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140856955                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476750                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3141713                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553027236                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157748965                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139646697                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143998668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1355531                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          551                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3630                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12416                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2208236                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      28776830                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       276763                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146488464                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34657695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17527620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8599                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          137                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3630                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       610527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1224969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139874487                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33678549                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       982464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51156659                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18329526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17478110                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473424                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139650359                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139646697                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75440782                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148927710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472653                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506560                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113480379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133358335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13146297                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16998                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1067428                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265877565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320065                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217322084     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17874019      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8325698      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8183833      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2263275      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9365375      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712123      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520556      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1310602      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265877565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113480379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133358335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50714756                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33302161                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17610794                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118587566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1291757                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1310602                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          411071257                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         295217719                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4542446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              27366830                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113480379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133358335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113480379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.603557                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.603557                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384090                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384090                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      691507144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     162136487                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174839181                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20245732                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18080291                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1612555                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13578391                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13232566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1214423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48842                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214024999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            114966732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20245732                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     14446989                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25642058                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5284634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8679840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12948650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1582652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    252009930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      226367872     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3912845      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1971680      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3872376      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1239544      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3587593      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         564304      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         908744      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9584972      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    252009930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.389121                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      212017709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     10736273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25591419                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        20442                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3644083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1909750                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18925                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    128592802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        35791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3644083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      212246327                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6989711                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3021203                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25364423                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       744179                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    128405082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        99725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       568495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    168276733                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    581917858                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    581917858                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    136540780                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       31735937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        17249                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8738                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1719397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     23175455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3757869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       851961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        127741805                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119649205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77404                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22987853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47053884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252009930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199542222     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16491701      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17622211      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10163257      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5250752      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1314751      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1558714      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36312      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30010      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252009930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200089     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82470     23.56%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67510     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93817650     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       937522      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8511      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21160076     17.69%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3725446      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119649205                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.404969                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350069                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491735813                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150747288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116617845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    119999274                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93895                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4713656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          323                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3644083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6148250                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127759213                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23175455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3757869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2419                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          323                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090916                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617700                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1708616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118134224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20856490                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1514981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           24581756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17962463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3725266                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.399842                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            116644970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           116617845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        70571660                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       153647503                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.394709                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459309                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92926319                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    104610391                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23153918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17167                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1602446                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248365847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209423755     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15298740      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9828117      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3093697      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5135732      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002071      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       634219      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       580399      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3369117      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248365847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     92926319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    104610391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             22133224                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            18461794                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8564                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16051166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        91417311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1306876                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3369117                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          372760688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         259175588                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4778314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              43442702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          92926319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           104610391                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     92926319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.179429                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.179429                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314522                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314522                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      549140410                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     151940653                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     136600277                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        17152                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19960003                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18012285                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1045268                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7778338                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7157516                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1099248                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46468                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211799475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            125398110                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19960003                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8256764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            24824194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3294990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     29345184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12150669                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1050075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    268193895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      243369701     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         890310      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1819919      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         776810      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4127313      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3669619      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         713463      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1475318      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11351442      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    268193895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067557                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424427                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      209598927                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     31560298                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        24732944                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        78853                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2222870                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1750554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          511                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    147069274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2782                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2222870                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      209874145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      29333356                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1278405                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24569851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       915265                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    146985943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       475287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       299159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10204                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    172504370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    692227102                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    692227102                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    153042526                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       19461832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        17059                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8615                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2112287                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     34696600                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     17551663                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161512                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       852456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        146705139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17108                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141036371                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        90463                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11353771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27224237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268193895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217518457     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15491225      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12519107      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5405342      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6758504      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6399889      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631080      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291363      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178928      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268193895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355266     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2708576     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79133      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88461002     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230677      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8442      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33838263     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17497987     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141036371                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477357                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3142975                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022285                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553500075                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158079674                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139821690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    144179346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1359802                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          542                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3661                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121017                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12423                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          160                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2222870                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      28609169                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       276949                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146722344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34696600                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17551663                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8614                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       171814                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          150                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3661                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       612981                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614274                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1227255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140054782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33718670                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       981589                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           51214864                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18348905                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         17496194                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474035                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139825444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139821690                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        75526842                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       149073169                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473246                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113595734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    133493616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13245052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17014                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1068315                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265971025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217366078     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17891589      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8333110      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8193369      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2268351      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9373032      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713065      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520702      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311729      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265971025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    113595734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    133493616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             50767437                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            33336791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              8494                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17628632                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       118707787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1293018                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1311729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          411397626                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         295700429                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4546108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              27258737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         113595734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           133493616                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    113595734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.600913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.600913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      692371380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     162341758                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     175093631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        16988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295450895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20762435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16979166                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2031266                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8611658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8191647                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136201                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90125                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201683781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117804320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20762435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10327848                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24686264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5904118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      9358684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12402822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2044561                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    239556611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      214870347     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1337544      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2111206      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3370193      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1393267      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1560329      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1659639      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1089839      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12164247      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    239556611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199763705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     11293426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24609941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        62123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3827413                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3404158                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143859070                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3034                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3827413                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      200068458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2274441                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      8116831                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24372941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       896522                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143769637                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        31898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       246276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       334725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        54780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199589689                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668771857                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668771857                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170403808                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29185673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20714                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2669830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13706418                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7368107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1670189                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143580808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37298                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135952826                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18105640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40239896                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4065                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239556611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182196134     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23048221      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12593615      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8568687      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8015505      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2304624      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1800396      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611634      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417795      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239556611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31592     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95202     38.19%     50.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122499     49.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113890712     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2147924      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16476      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12568028      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7329686      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135952826                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460154                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249293                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511882895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161725243                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133764638                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136202119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2459305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1531                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       218313                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8444                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3827413                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1443658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143618258                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        25103                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13706418                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7368107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20701                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89756                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1531                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1188305                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1158664                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2346969                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134011970                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11819013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1940856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19146958                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18863173                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7327945                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133765532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133764638                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        78207192                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204300474                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452747                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100095089                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122691226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20927336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33233                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2074726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235729198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185925458     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24118848     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9389936      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5058987      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3786074      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2116208      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1306594      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166099      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2860994      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235729198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100095089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122691226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18396884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11247095                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17611945                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110553871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2492464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2860994                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          376486090                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         291064948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3269817                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              55894284                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100095089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122691226                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100095089                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.951702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.951702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      604333562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185408363                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134188423                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295452632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20310839                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18139216                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1617494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13597705                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13270091                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1218035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48844                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214671898                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            115342109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20310839                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     14488126                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25722991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5301827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8636017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12988280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1587548                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    252706168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511334                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746879                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      226983177     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3922450      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1980077      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3884159      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1242173      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3597712      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         567029      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         912281      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9617110      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    252706168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068745                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390391                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      212654956                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10702213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25672109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        20634                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3656252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1915433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18985                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    129013168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        35825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3656252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      212884814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6895138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3078076                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25443954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       747930                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    128823551                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       100652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       570975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    168838033                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    583824199                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    583824199                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    136979826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       31858173                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        17308                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1727974                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     23244672                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3770588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24749                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       858188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        128154651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       120033174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23067441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47223880                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252706168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200073824     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16542095      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17678318      7.00%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10194020      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5266139      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1319522      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1565719      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36345      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30186      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252706168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        201663     57.29%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82679     23.49%     80.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67680     19.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94120429     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       940603      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8541      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21225160     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3738441      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    120033174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.406269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            352022                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002933                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    493203402                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151239772                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116991258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    120385196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        95417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4727451                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3656252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       6048893                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89949                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128172111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23244672                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3770588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43260                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2466                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1094285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620626                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1714911                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118512672                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20919613                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1520496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           24657859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18017907                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3738246                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.401122                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            117018246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           116991258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        70799256                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       154167487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.395973                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459236                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93219527                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    104943929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23233389                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17225                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1607359                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    249049916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209983081     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15348064      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9859900      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3103389      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5152250      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004869      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636049      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582253      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3380061      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    249049916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     93219527                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    104943929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             22201284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            18517221                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16102076                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        91709773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1311370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3380061                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          373846822                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         260013800                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4792892                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              42746464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          93219527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           104943929                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     93219527                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.169429                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.169429                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      550896117                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     152435385                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     137041952                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        17208                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32472                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.862601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.179519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.049986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1668.186424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         364.171434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.177818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8475                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8475                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40714                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40715                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32425                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32462                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30377997584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30433693192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     26376015                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26376015                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30404373599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30460069207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30404373599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30460069207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             73038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8475                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8475                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.444015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.230216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.230216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 937795.128083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938442.589948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 824250.468750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824250.468750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 937683.071673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 938330.023012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 937683.071673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 938330.023012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4839                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4839                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27533362921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27585809929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23566415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23566415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27556929336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27609376344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27556929336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27609376344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.230216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 849978.789275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850626.269781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 736450.468750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736450.468750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 849866.748990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850513.718933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 849866.748990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850513.718933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         9500                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.221080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         219171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        11548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        18.979131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.071520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.005062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1412.231670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         591.912828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.689566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.289020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 31255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9739                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                9739                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  31493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        31491                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 31493                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                9499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 9499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9463                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                9499                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98516139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7726875783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7825391922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98516139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7726875783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     7825391922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98516139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7726875783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    7825391922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             40754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9739                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            9739                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              40992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             40992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2736559.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 816535.536616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823812.182546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2736559.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 816535.536616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823812.182546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2736559.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 816535.536616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823812.182546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4998                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4998                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            9499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         9463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           9499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95354570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6895713437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6991068007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95354570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6895713437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6991068007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     95354570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6895713437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6991068007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.231064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2648738.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 728702.677481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735979.366986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2648738.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 728702.677481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735979.366986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2648738.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 728702.677481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735979.366986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        38128                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.935961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         207595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        40176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         5.167140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.707327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     1.783863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1822.195086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         220.249686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.889744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.107544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        45079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 45080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14278                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               14278                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        45109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  45110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        45109                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 45110                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               38081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                49                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                38130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38090                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               38130                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82625574                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  35931045328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36013670902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     79628873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     79628873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82625574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  36010674201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    36093299775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     82625574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  36010674201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   36093299775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             83161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14278                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           14278                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              83240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        83199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             83240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.620253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.620253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2065639.350000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 944534.721169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945712.321158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1625079.040816                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1625079.040816                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2065639.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945410.191678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946585.359953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2065639.350000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 945410.191678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946585.359953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               5981                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    5981                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           38130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        38090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          38130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79113574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32590839105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32669952679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     75326673                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75326673                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79113574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32666165778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32745279352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79113574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  32666165778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32745279352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.620253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.457818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1977839.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 856729.294840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857906.900528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1537279.040816                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1537279.040816                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1977839.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857604.772329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858779.946289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1977839.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 857604.772329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858779.946289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        20609                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.539371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         233350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        22657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        10.299245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.192463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.614993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1668.017185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         344.714730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.814462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.168318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 38170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               20831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38331                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38332                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               20590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                20595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20558                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               20595                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68916702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17536717993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17605634695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4798487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4798487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68916702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17541516480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    17610433182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68916702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17541516480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   17610433182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             58760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           20831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              58927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             58927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.029940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.029940                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862613.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853243.711040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855057.537397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 959697.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959697.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862613.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853269.602101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855082.941588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1862613.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 853269.602101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855082.941588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks              11084                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                   11084                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           20595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          20595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65666600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15731694307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15797360907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4359487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4359487                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65666600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15736053794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15801720394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65666600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15736053794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15801720394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.350005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.029940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.349097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774772.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765420.829417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767234.623944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 871897.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871897.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774772.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765446.726043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767260.033697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1774772.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 765446.726043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767260.033697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         9511                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.226163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         219161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        11559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        18.960204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.081537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.107816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1412.194740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         591.842070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.689548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.288985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 31251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9733                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9733                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  31486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31484                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 31486                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                9510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 9510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9473                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                9510                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7666341160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7760208223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7666341160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     7760208223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7666341160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    7760208223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             40761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9733                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9733                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              40996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             40996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809283.348464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816005.070768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809283.348464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816005.070768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809283.348464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816005.070768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5004                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5004                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            9510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           9510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6834531060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6925146709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6834531060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6925146709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6834531060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6925146709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721474.829515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728196.289064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721474.829515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728196.289064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721474.829515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728196.289064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20149                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.826574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         161808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         7.289634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.556335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.112345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1679.806630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         336.351265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.820218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.164234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 38070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6930                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                6930                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  38148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38147                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 38148                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20115                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20148                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15706375766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15758866119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15706375766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    15758866119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52490353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15706375766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   15758866119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             58218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6930                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            6930                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              58296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             58296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780829.021427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782155.356313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780829.021427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782155.356313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1590616.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780829.021427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782155.356313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               2714                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    2714                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13940009680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989602633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13940009680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989602633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49592953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13940009680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989602633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 693015.644047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694342.000844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 693015.644047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694342.000844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1502816.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 693015.644047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694342.000844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        13309                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.469754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         196554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        15357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        12.798984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.970378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.778993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1533.436641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         482.283742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.748748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.235490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 31733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               10212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  31899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31897                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 31899                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               13304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                13304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               13304                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71290977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10942306479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11013597456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71290977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10942306479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    11013597456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71290977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10942306479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   11013597456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        44994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             45037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           10212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        45160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              45203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        45160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             45203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1738804.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825024.992762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827841.059531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1738804.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825024.992762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827841.059531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1738804.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825024.992762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827841.059531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5847                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5847                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           13303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          13303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67689645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9777368132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845057777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67689645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9777368132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845057777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67689645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9777368132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845057777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1650966.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737246.880712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740062.976547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1650966.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737246.880712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740062.976547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1650966.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737246.880712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740062.976547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         9508                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.216911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         219138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        11556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        18.963136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.069716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.967291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1412.291441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         591.888464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.689595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.289008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 31232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9729                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9729                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  31470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31468                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 31470                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                9507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 9507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9472                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                9507                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7658290491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7752662750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7658290491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7752662750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7658290491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7752662750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             40739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9729                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9729                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              40977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             40977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233364                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808518.844067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815468.891343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808518.844067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815468.891343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808518.844067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815468.891343                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5004                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5004                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            9507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           9507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91298260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6826571514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6917869774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91298260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6826571514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6917869774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91298260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6826571514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6917869774                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608521.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720710.675042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727660.647313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608521.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720710.675042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727660.647313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608521.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720710.675042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727660.647313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         9506                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.222866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         219081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        11554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        18.961485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.230844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1412.032672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         591.880762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.689469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.289004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 31192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9712                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9712                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  31427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        31425                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 31427                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                9505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 9505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9467                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                9505                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100802510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7725941323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7826743833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100802510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7725941323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     7826743833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    100802510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7725941323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    7826743833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             40697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9712                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              40932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        40892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             40932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2652697.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816091.826661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823434.385376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2652697.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816091.826661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823434.385376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2652697.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 816091.826661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823434.385376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5000                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5000                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            9505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           9505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97466110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6894567412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6992033522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97466110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6894567412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6992033522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97466110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   6894567412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6992033522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.232850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2564897.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728273.731066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735616.362125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2564897.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728273.731066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735616.362125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2564897.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 728273.731066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735616.362125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        32363                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.588543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         167873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        34411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         4.878469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.217133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.612156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1669.011530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         362.747723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.814947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.177123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 40632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8468                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8468                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  40737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40736                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 40737                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               32320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                32353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32313                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               32353                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105510803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30253700392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30359211195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31498377                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31498377                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105510803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30285198769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    30390709572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105510803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30285198769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   30390709572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             72952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8468                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              73090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             73090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2637770.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937227.397522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939332.029548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 954496.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954496.272727                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2637770.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937245.033547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939347.497048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2637770.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937245.033547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939347.497048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4838                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4838                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           32353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          32353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101985924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27417513654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27519499578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28598035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28598035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101985924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27446111689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27548097613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101985924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27446111689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27548097613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2549648.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849365.354833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851469.665161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 866607.121212                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866607.121212                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2549648.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849382.963173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851485.105338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2549648.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849382.963173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851485.105338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         9508                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.219709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         219143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        11556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        18.963569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.071367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.247117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1412.244393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         591.656831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.689572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.288895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 31237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9729                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9729                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  31474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31472                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 31474                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                9507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 9507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9471                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                9507                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95459869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7715622377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7811082246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95459869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7715622377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     7811082246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95459869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7715622377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    7811082246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             40744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9729                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9729                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              40981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             40981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2651663.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814657.626122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821613.784159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2651663.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814657.626122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821613.784159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2651663.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 814657.626122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821613.784159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5003                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5003                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            9507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           9507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92299069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6883975078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6976274147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92299069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6883975078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6976274147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92299069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6883975078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6976274147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2563863.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726847.753986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733803.949406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2563863.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726847.753986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733803.949406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2563863.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 726847.753986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733803.949406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        38045                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.935721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         207422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        40093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.173522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.720891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.843001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1820.985774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         221.386054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.108099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 44923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               14261                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  44954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44953                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 44954                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               37997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                38045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38005                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               38045                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95051963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36128792972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36223844935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     75809715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     75809715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95051963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36204602687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    36299654650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95051963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36204602687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   36299654650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             82920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           14261                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              82999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             82999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2376299.075000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951834.785995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 953334.340474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1579369.062500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1579369.062500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2376299.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952627.356585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954124.185833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2376299.075000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 952627.356585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954124.185833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5958                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5958                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           38045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          38045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91537008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32795339402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32886876410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     71594815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71594815                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91537008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32866934217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32958471225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91537008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32866934217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32958471225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2288425.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864012.946281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865512.445983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1491558.645833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1491558.645833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2288425.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864805.531299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866302.305822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2288425.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 864805.531299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866302.305822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20119                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.833701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         161643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.292056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.570580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.071632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1679.085134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         337.106356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.819866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.164603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 37929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6906                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                6906                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  38004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        38003                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 38004                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20084                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20118                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73010690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16133131583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16206142273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73010690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16133131583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    16206142273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73010690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16133131583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   16206142273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             58047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            6906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              58122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             58122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2147373.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 803282.791426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805554.343026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2147373.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 803282.791426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805554.343026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2147373.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 803282.791426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805554.343026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70024766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14369189816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14439214582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70024766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14369189816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14439214582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70024766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14369189816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14439214582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.345757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2059551.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 715454.581557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717726.144845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2059551.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 715454.581557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717726.144845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2059551.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 715454.581557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717726.144845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        38064                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.936316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         207500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        40112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.173016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.722525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.867471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1823.177824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         219.168497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.890224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.107016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        44999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 45000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               14262                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        45030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  45031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        45030                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 45031                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               38016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                38064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38023                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               38064                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81926234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35976100315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36058026549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     86844741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     86844741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81926234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  36062945056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    36144871290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81926234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  36062945056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   36144871290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             83016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           14262                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              83095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        83053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             83095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1998200.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 947362.746939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948496.068734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1809265.437500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1809265.437500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1998200.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 948450.807564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949581.528216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1998200.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 948450.807564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949581.528216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5967                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5967                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        37975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           38064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          38064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78325356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32641293290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32719618646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     82629709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82629709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78325356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32723922999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32802248355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78325356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  32723922999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32802248355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.457816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1910374.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 859546.893746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860680.204282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1721452.270833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1721452.270833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1910374.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 860634.957762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861765.667166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1910374.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 860634.957762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861765.667166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        32491                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.589637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         167930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        34539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         4.862040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.096243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.610539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1669.652702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         362.230152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.815260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.176870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 40668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8489                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  40773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40772                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 40773                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               32450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                32483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32444                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               32483                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80370415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30161282838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30241653253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23049467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     23049467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80370415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30184332305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    30264702720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80370415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30184332305                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   30264702720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             73118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8489                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              73256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             73256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2060779.871795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 930587.850977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931946.171125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 698468.696970                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 698468.696970                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2060779.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 930351.753945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931708.977619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2060779.871795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 930351.753945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931708.977619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4845                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4845                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           32483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          32483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76946003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27315084269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27392030272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     20152067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20152067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76946003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27335236336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27412182339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76946003                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27335236336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27412182339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.443127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1972974.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842772.030144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844130.362773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 610668.696970                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 610668.696970                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1972974.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842535.949205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843893.185328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1972974.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842535.949205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843893.185328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20162                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.841423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         161843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.286943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.572219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.070568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1676.942792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         339.255844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.818820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.165652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                6923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38185                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38186                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20128                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20161                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60647276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15756226350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15816873626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60647276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15756226350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    15816873626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60647276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15756226350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   15816873626                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             58273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            6923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              74                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              58347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             58347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1837796.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 782801.388613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 784528.229056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1837796.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 782801.388613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 784528.229056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1837796.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 782801.388613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 784528.229056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57749445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13988721822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14046471267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57749445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13988721822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14046471267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57749445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  13988721822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14046471267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1749983.181818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 694988.166832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696715.007539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1749983.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 694988.166832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696715.007539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1749983.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 694988.166832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 696715.007539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.079197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012394646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1917414.102273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.079197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12386597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12386597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12386597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12386597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12386597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12386597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12386657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12386657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12386657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12386657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12386657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12386657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2462.071326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20445                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20445                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          984                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       191363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       191363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84153936132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84153936132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    358143434                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    358143434                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84512079566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84512079566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84512079566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84512079566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8771052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8771052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20445                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15880553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15880553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442033.712395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442033.712395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 363966.904472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363966.904472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 441632.288196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441632.288196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 441632.288196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441632.288196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33313935731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33313935731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     33574169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33574169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33347509900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33347509900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33347509900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33347509900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 456355.283986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456355.283986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241540.784173                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241540.784173                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 455947.030996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455947.030996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 455947.030996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455947.030996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              490.678976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1011215544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2051147.148073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    35.678976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.057178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13853024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13853024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13853024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13853024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13853024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13853024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    151408588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151408588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    151408588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151408588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    151408588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151408588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13853074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13853074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13853074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13853074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13853074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13853074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3028171.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3028171.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3028171.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3028171.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3028171.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3028171.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2733185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683296.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98944393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98944393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98944393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98944393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     98944393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98944393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2603799.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2603799.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2603799.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2603799.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2603799.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2603799.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                40954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              165664120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                41210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4019.998059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.336497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.663503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     11050278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11050278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8209150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8209150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        21390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21390                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19966                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19966                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19259428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       19259428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19259428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      19259428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       105493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       107951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       107951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       107951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       107951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23648087012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23648087012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    157710848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157710848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23805797860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23805797860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23805797860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23805797860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     11155771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11155771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8211608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8211608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        21390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21390                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19966                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19966                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19367379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19367379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19367379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19367379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 224167.357190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224167.357190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64162.265256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64162.265256                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 220524.106863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220524.106863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 220524.106863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220524.106863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           39                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    19.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            9739                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        64777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        66997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        66997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        40954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9838044131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9838044131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     17378523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17378523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9855422654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9855422654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9855422654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9855422654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 241625.997912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241625.997912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73019.004202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73019.004202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 240646.155540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240646.155540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 240646.155540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240646.155540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.923212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1037094646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1775846.996575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.881923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.041289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12153320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12153320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12153320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12153320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12153320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12153320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110708245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110708245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110708245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110708245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    110708245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110708245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12153382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12153382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12153382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12153382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12153382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12153382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1785616.854839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1785616.854839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1785616.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1785616.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1785616.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1785616.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       314994                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       157497                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83034142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83034142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83034142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83034142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     83034142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83034142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2025222.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025222.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2025222.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025222.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2025222.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2025222.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                83197                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              448794021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                83453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5377.805723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.911866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.088134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31814913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31814913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17424035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17424035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49238948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       49238948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     49238948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      49238948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       304930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       305250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       305250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       305250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       305250                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149007320852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149007320852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    332712355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    332712355                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149340033207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149340033207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 149340033207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149340033207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     32119843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32119843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17424355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17424355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8500                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49544198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49544198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     49544198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49544198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 488660.744604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488660.744604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1039726.109375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1039726.109375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 489238.438025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489238.438025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 489238.438025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489238.438025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1923866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1923866                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           14278                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       221810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       222051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       222051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       222051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       222051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        83120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        83199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        83199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  39325400180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39325400180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     82046514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82046514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  39407446694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39407446694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  39407446694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39407446694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473115.979066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473115.979066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1038563.468354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038563.468354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473652.888785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473652.888785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 473652.888785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473652.888785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.197303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1008315780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1939068.807692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.197303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12753334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12753334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12753334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12753334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12753334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12753334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93031997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93031997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93031997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93031997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     93031997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93031997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12753383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12753383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12753383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12753383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12753383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12753383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1898612.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1898612.183673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1898612.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1898612.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1898612.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1898612.183673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69345657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69345657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69345657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69345657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     69345657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69345657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824885.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824885.710526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824885.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824885.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1824885.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1824885.710526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                58888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              172733573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                59144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2920.559533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.937510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.062490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.913818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.086182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8991928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8991928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7610671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7610671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18622                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17518                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16602599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16602599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16602599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16602599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       200947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5941                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       206888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       206888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       206888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       206888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  85189875202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85189875202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3745680497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3745680497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  88935555699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88935555699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  88935555699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88935555699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9192875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9192875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7616612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7616612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18622                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18622                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17518                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16809487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16809487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16809487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16809487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000780                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 423942.010590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423942.010590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 630479.800875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630479.800875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429872.953961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429872.953961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 429872.953961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429872.953961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     55220323                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets           103                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 536119.640777                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           20831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       142225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20217813179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20217813179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15359034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15359034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20233172213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20233172213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20233172213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20233172213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344297.080804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344297.080804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91970.263473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91970.263473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343581.521388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343581.521388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343581.521388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343581.521388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              492.493861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011222678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2047009.469636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.493861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13860158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13860158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13860158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13860158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13860158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13860158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13860209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13860209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13860209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13860209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13860209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13860209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682578.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                40957                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              165676850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4020.014316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.334144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.665856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     11057658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11057658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8214464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8214464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19272122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       19272122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19272122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      19272122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       105567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       107958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       107958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       107958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       107958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23484650609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23484650609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154249619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154249619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23638900228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23638900228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23638900228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23638900228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     11163225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11163225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8216855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8216855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19380080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19380080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19380080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19380080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222462.044095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222462.044095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64512.596821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64512.596821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218963.858426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218963.858426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218963.858426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218963.858426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9733                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        67001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9777337546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9777337546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17098949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17098949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9794436495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9794436495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9794436495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9794436495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240099.640145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240099.640145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72761.485106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72761.485106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239139.499841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239139.499841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239139.499841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239139.499841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              559.229427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              926809797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1652067.374332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.223275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.006152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.053242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12991250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12991250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12991250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12991250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12991250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12991250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67266304                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12991297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12991297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12991297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12991297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12991297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12991297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1431197.957447                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52848333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554362.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                58262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              224893358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                58518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3843.148399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.146507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.853493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.789635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.210365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19107286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19107286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3666400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3666400                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8606                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22773686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       22773686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     22773686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      22773686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       205783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       206128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       206128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       206128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       206128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  90629875210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90629875210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     29656804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29656804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  90659532014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90659532014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  90659532014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90659532014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19313069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19313069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3666745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3666745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8606                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22979814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22979814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     22979814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22979814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 440414.782611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440414.782611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85961.750725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85961.750725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439821.528439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439821.528439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439821.528439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439821.528439                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18369608928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18369608928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5053201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5053201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18374662129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18374662129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  18374662129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18374662129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315715.814107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315715.814107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64784.628205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64784.628205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315379.872455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315379.872455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 315379.872455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315379.872455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.066489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1007720348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1945406.077220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    42.066489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.067414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13457246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13457246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13457246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13457246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13457246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13457246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87801022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87801022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87801022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87801022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87801022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87801022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13457302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13457302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13457302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13457302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13457302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13457302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1567875.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567875.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1567875.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1567875.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1567875.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1567875.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71775474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71775474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71775474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71775474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71775474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71775474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669197.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669197.069767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669197.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669197.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669197.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669197.069767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                45160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167319747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                45416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3684.158600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.633940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.366060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9262128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9262128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7795506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7795506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20461                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17057634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17057634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17057634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17057634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       144419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       145397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       145397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       145397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       145397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  49105251364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49105251364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82492415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82492415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  49187743779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49187743779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  49187743779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49187743779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9406547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9406547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7796484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7796484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20461                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18769                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17203031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17203031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17203031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17203031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340019.328232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340019.328232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84348.072597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84348.072597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338299.578251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338299.578251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338299.578251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338299.578251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           10212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       100237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       100237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100237                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        44994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        45160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        45160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13121099905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13121099905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10726708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10726708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13131826613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13131826613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13131826613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13131826613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 291618.880406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291618.880406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64618.722892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64618.722892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 290784.468844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290784.468844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 290784.468844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290784.468844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.641096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011221764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2055328.788618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.641096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13859244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13859244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13859244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13859244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13859244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13859244                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13859293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13859293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13859293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13859293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13859293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13859293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2732231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683057.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                40940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              165677203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4021.681789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.334872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.665128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     11058319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11058319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8214366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8214366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21204                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19272685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       19272685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19272685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      19272685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       105482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       107940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       107940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       107940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       107940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23430426560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23430426560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    157488871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157488871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23587915431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23587915431                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23587915431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23587915431                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     11163801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11163801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8216824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8216824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        21204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21204                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19978                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19380625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19380625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19380625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19380625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222127.249768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222127.249768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64071.957282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64071.957282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218528.028822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218528.028822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218528.028822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218528.028822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        64780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        67000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        67000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9767979055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9767979055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17383764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17383764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9785362819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9785362819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9785362819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9785362819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239987.692374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239987.692374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73041.025210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73041.025210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239017.167049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239017.167049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239017.167049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239017.167049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              493.321950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011215940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2042860.484848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.321950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13853420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13853420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13853420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13853420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13853420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13853420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157311357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157311357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157311357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157311357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    157311357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157311357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13853475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13853475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13853475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13853475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13853475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13853475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2860206.490909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2860206.490909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2860206.490909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3384736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1128245.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101274828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101274828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101274828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101274828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101274828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101274828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2531870.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2531870.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2531870.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                40892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              165667643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                41148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4026.140833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.332206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.667794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     11052979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11052979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8210117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8210117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19263096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       19263096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19263096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      19263096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       105295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       107686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       107686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       107686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       107686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23576495118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23576495118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    154110399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154110399                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23730605517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23730605517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23730605517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23730605517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     11158274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11158274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8212508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8212508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19370782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19370782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19370782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19370782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 223908.971157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223908.971157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64454.370138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64454.370138                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 220368.529957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220368.529957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 220368.529957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220368.529957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9712                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        64638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9833004771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9833004771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17107746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17107746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9850112517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9850112517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9850112517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9850112517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 241852.688860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241852.688860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 72798.919149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72798.919149                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240881.162990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240881.162990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 240881.162990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240881.162990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              529.231122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012384024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1906561.250471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.231122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12375975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12375975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12375975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12375975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12375975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12375975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    176329521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176329521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    176329521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    176329521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    176329521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    176329521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12376043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12376043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12376043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12376043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12376043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12376043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593081.191176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2593081.191176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593081.191176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2593081.191176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593081.191176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2593081.191176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105931917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105931917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105931917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105931917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    105931917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105931917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2583705.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2583705.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2583705.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2583705.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2583705.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2583705.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                73049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180696312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2464.993002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.184065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.815935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8576871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8576871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7104954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7104954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16581                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15681825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15681825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15681825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15681825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          970                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       190952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       190952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       190952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       190952                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  83702842336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83702842336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    402586108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    402586108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84105428444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84105428444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84105428444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84105428444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8766853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8766853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7105924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7105924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        20404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20404                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16581                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15872777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15872777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15872777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15872777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440583.014896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440583.014896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 415037.224742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415037.224742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440453.247120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440453.247120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440453.247120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440453.247120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8468                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       117071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       117903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       117903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33190372560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33190372560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38540928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38540928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33228913488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33228913488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33228913488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33228913488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455217.629164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455217.629164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 279282.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 279282.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454885.261783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454885.261783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454885.261783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454885.261783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              491.485858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011217368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2051150.847870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.485858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13854848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13854848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13854848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13854848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13854848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13854848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146709038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146709038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146709038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146709038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146709038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146709038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13854898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13854898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13854898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13854898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13854898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13854898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2934180.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2934180.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2934180.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2934180.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2934180.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2934180.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682548.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95888167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95888167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95888167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95888167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95888167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95888167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2523372.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2523372.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2523372.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2523372.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2523372.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2523372.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                40943                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165666641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4021.132576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.333960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.666040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     11050990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11050990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8210978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8210978                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21367                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21367                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19261968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19261968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19261968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19261968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       105401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       107824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       107824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       107824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       107824                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23585693658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23585693658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    155908437                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    155908437                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23741602095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23741602095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23741602095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23741602095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     11156391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11156391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8213401                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8213401                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21367                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19369792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19369792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19369792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19369792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223771.061546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223771.061546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64345.207181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64345.207181                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 220188.474690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220188.474690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 220188.474690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220188.474690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        20562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66881                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9825674848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9825674848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17282779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17282779                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9842957627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9842957627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9842957627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9842957627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 241381.487938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241381.487938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72923.118143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72923.118143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240406.360721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240406.360721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240406.360721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240406.360721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.974038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037079854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1775821.667808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.761397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   540.212641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.865725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12138528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12138528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12138528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12138528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12138528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12138528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125987822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125987822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125987822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125987822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    125987822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125987822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12138591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12138591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12138591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12138591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12138591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12138591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1999806.698413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1999806.698413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1999806.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1999806.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1999806.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1999806.698413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95451992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95451992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95451992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95451992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95451992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95451992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2328097.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2328097.365854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2328097.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2328097.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2328097.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2328097.365854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82958                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448719065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                83214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5392.350626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.912294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.087706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31768960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31768960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17395066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17395066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49164026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49164026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49164026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49164026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       304365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       304365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149706101935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149706101935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    289004531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    289004531                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149995106466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149995106466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149995106466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149995106466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32073016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32073016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17395375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17395375                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8504                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8486                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49468391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49468391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49468391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49468391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492363.584126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492363.584126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 935289.744337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935289.744337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492813.255355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492813.255355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492813.255355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492813.255355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1294706                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14261                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39512227086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39512227086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     78262985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78262985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39590490071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39590490071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39590490071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39590490071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476745.943918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476745.943918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 990670.696203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 990670.696203                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477235.348863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477235.348863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477235.348863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477235.348863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.161745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              926767147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1649051.862989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    33.952639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.209106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12948600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12948600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12948600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12948600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12948600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12948600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97210830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97210830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97210830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97210830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97210830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97210830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12948650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12948650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12948650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12948650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12948650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12948650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944216.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1944216.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944216.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1944216.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1944216.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1944216.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73387218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73387218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73387218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73387218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73387218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73387218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2096777.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2096777.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2096777.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2096777.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2096777.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2096777.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                58087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              224820508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                58343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3853.427283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   201.875623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    54.124377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.788577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.211423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19047121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19047121                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3653767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3653767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     22700888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       22700888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     22700888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      22700888                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       205373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       205373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  92963100523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92963100523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27719134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27719134                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  92990819657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  92990819657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  92990819657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  92990819657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19252173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19252173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3654088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3654088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8657                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8657                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8576                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     22906261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22906261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     22906261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22906261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 453363.539605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453363.539605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86352.442368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86352.442368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452789.897684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452789.897684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 452789.897684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452789.897684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6906                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18786990519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18786990519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4878302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4878302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18791868821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18791868821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18791868821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18791868821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323846.626888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323846.626888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65044.026667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65044.026667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323512.469589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323512.469589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323512.469589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323512.469589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              580.752808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1037091927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1772806.712821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.711616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.041192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12150601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12150601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12150601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12150601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12150601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12150601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           67                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114811764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114811764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114811764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114811764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    114811764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114811764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12150668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12150668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12150668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12150668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12150668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12150668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1713608.417910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1713608.417910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1713608.417910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1713608.417910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1713608.417910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1713608.417910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82332586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82332586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82332586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82332586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     82332586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82332586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1960299.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1960299.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1960299.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1960299.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1960299.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1960299.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                83053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              448776476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                83309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5386.890684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.912234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.087766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     31808315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31808315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17413099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17413099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49221414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       49221414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     49221414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      49221414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       304091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          311                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       304402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       304402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       304402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       304402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149117354515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149117354515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    345025175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    345025175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149462379690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149462379690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149462379690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149462379690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     32112406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32112406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17413410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17413410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8494                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49525816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49525816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     49525816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49525816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 490370.824901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490370.824901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1109405.707395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1109405.707395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491003.277541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491003.277541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491003.277541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491003.277541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1870350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1870350                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14262                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       221117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       221349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       221349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        82974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        83053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        83053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39364877720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39364877720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     89290757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89290757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39454168477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39454168477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  39454168477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39454168477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 474424.250006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474424.250006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1130262.746835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130262.746835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 475048.083477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475048.083477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 475048.083477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475048.083477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.837030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012410809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1910209.073585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.837030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12402760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12402760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12402760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12402760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12402760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12402760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    128996869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    128996869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    128996869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    128996869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    128996869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    128996869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12402822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12402822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12402822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12402822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12402822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12402822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2080594.661290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2080594.661290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2080594.661290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2080594.661290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2080594.661290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2080594.661290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80769663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80769663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80769663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80769663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     80769663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80769663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2019241.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2019241.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2019241.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2019241.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2019241.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2019241.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                73214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180719220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                73470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2459.768885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.181831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.818169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8589352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8589352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7115246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7115246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20519                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15704598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15704598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15704598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15704598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       190711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       191709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       191709                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83802389565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83802389565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    346379723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346379723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  84148769288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84148769288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  84148769288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84148769288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8780063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8780063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7116244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7116244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20519                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15896307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15896307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15896307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15896307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439420.849164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439420.849164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 347073.870741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347073.870741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438940.108644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438940.108644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438940.108644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438940.108644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157083                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157083                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       118493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       118493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118493                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33101284337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33101284337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     30099372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30099372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33131383709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33131383709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33131383709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33131383709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452958.268384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452958.268384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 218111.391304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218111.391304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452515.621025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452515.621025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452515.621025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452515.621025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.311711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              926806779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1652061.994652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    33.305607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.006104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.053374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.842958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12988232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12988232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12988232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12988232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12988232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12988232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81598723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81598723                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81598723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81598723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     81598723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81598723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12988280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12988280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12988280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12988280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12988280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12988280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1699973.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1699973.395833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1699973.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1699973.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1699973.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1699973.395833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61003827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61003827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61003827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61003827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     61003827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61003827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794230.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794230.205882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794230.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794230.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794230.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794230.205882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                58313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              224889124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                58569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3839.729618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.374959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.625041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.786621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.213379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19103097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19103097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3666350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3666350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8604                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     22769447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       22769447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     22769447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      22769447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       206179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       206179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90781942600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90781942600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     26976339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26976339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90808918939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90808918939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90808918939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90808918939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19308963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19308963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3666663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3666663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8604                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     22975626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22975626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     22975626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22975626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440975.890142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440975.890142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86186.386581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86186.386581                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440437.284782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440437.284782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440437.284782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440437.284782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           74                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18422341622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18422341622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4805298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4805298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18427146920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18427146920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18427146920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18427146920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316323.110321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316323.110321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64936.459459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64936.459459                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316004.097200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316004.097200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316004.097200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316004.097200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
